PRAGMA foreign_keys=OFF;
BEGIN TRANSACTION;
CREATE TABLE therapists (
	therapist_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,
	pt_id INTEGER, 
	name TEXT NOT NULL,
	summary TEXT,
	phone TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(1,143458,'April R Holman PHD A Professional Psychology Corp','I view psychotherapy as a collaborative process helping clients enhance their coping and adaptation. I have extensive experience using a diverse array of evidence-based treatment interventions. One size doesn''t fit all! Treatment goals are established by the client and I, using those tools that best fit client''s goals, whether more limited in scope or far reaching. I worked with adults, kids 11 years and older, and couples. For kids peer pressure, academic problems, developmental transitions,, parenting issues among other problems are addressed . Please view my website for an in-depth view of how I work with clients. Time limited therapy, such as stress management, or extensive emotional, interpersonal or career change is provided, given my expertise in the use of cognitive behavioral therapy, biofeedback, relaxation and mindfulness, psychodynamic psychotherapy. I help client maximize coping and adaptation at different stages of life and coping with health/dental problems. It''s unusual to find a clinician treating the psychosocial aspects of health or dental problems outside of a medical setting. I provide a personalized experience while effectively collaborating with the client''s treatment team. This gives the client the ''best of both worlds:''integrated care and a personalized experience.','6504253746');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(2,222952,'Maureen Ruffell','I''d like to welcome you to my practice of Psychotherapy and Psychiatry. I''ll work with you to build a connection that facilitates communication and that will support lasting change. I can help you establish more stability and satisfaction in your life and in your relationships, partner with you to develop more confidence in your decision making, help you weather losses, imagine and actualize what you''d like to do next and think through problems in your most important relationships. My training in Psychiatry, Psychotherapy and Psychoanalysis is the basis for my expertise in the evaluation, diagnosis and treatment of recurrent unhappiness, depression, anxiety, and relationship difficulties. Although I focus mainly on talk therapy, as a Psychiatrist, I also recommend and prescribe medication if I think it will help. I see therapy as a process of collaboration- talking over tough issues with with respect, warmth, and friendly humor. I can help you know yourself better from the inside out, which gives you the freedom to make the best decisions about how you live, love and work.','6509037205');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(3,193979,'Palo Alto Neurofeedback','I am a board certified Stanford trained psychiatrist with extensive experience in both traditional and alternative medicine. My goal is to help you maximize your potential by partnering with you to create an individualized treatment program. Neurofeedback is an exciting, effective, drug free solution for ADHD, Asperger''s and Autism Spectrum Disorders, Chronic Pain, Peak Performance, Learning Disorders and Difficulties, Peak Performance, Addiction, Anxiety, Depression, PTSD, Attatchment Disorders, Traumatic Brain Injuries, and many other conditions. It can also jump start or strengthen meditation practices. I provide sophisticated, cutting edge Neurofeedback assessment and training. I look forward to working with you!','6502855527');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(4,263451,'Taylor Smith','As a therapist I want to work with people to help them to get unstuck. There are a lot of different ways one can be stuck, physically (pain), emotionally, socially, professionally, with a substance and many others. Like spinning your tires when stuck in the mud. It is the wrong thing to do, but it is the easiest thing to try, when you are alone. Getting unstuck most times requires some help. That is where therapy can come in handy. Please contact me for a free brief consultation to see is I can be the right person to help you. I help you to find the best solution to your issue, quickly and in a way that is tailored to you. I have several years of experience helping men with issues mostly stemming from one type of addiction or another. I can also help men dealing with other issues.','6507271966');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(5,207437,'Marlyna Stewart','Off balance? With empathetic guidance, you can feel complete, learn to trust yourself, feel hopeful, and regain balance in your life. In a safe, therapeutic environment, we will work together to explore where you might be stuck or emotionally triggered. You will discover that you have the capacity to grow and learn new skills. If you are ruminating about your past or worried about your future then, I can help you re-focus on living in the present moment so you can feel more centered, grounded, and satisfied with your life. I integrate evidence-based therapy techniques in my work with you. We will explore how to balance negative thoughts and reduce the intensity of uncomfortable emotions, as well as explore tools that will help you live in the present moment. Therapy techniques are tailored to your needs and learning style. I invite you to call me for a free phone consultation or please send me an email. I would be happy to discuss how we might work together. I accept Medicare and am an Out-of-Network provider for most PPO plans.','4159692889');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(6,177181,'Shela Fisk','It is difficult when something is bothering you and you don''t know whom to turn to call. That''s why you''re reading this. I can''t say I''m absolutely the right person for you but i will give it my all to try to understand and help you. It takes courage and determination to begin therapy. Therapy is hard but it is also an adventure into your mind and what makes you, you. Knowing how your mind works, gives you the tools to change. The most profound part of therapy is the relationship that we will form. Eating disorders are my specialty but they are a an expression of something not right inside of you. That mysterious "what not right" we will discover together. Depression, nervousness and trauma are other symptoms that I am quite experienced treating. Safety, trust and a bit of humor are very important ingredients for a successful therapy. You and I will decide what ways of working will be most helpful to you What''s most unique to my practice is my purple analytic couch.','6502739357');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(7,55229,'Sally Hayman','It is my firm belief that people do their best with the situations life hands them. My goal as a therapist is to help people work through their stuck places, let go of old behaviors that helped them survive in the past but are no longer useful, and learn new behaviors that will contribute to greater enjoyment and connection in their lives. I see myself as an active guide in this process, and I am enriched by seeing people learn to accept themselves and others, and thus live the fullest and most satisfying life possible. I am a licensed clinical social worker and have been in private practice since 1981. I have extensive experience in family systems, cognitive behavioral and psychodynamic therapies. My clients include adolescent girls, adult men and women, and couples and families. I am comfortable working in a solution-focused, brief treatment model for specific issues, and I also enjoy working longer-term with clients regarding family of origin or other more complex issues.','4152266119');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(8,201005,'Nancy Underwood','Are you feeling overwhelmed or stuck as you navigate a major life change? You''re not alone. Life transitions come in many forms; positive or unwelcome, anticipated or unexpected. These changes can challenge your ability to cope, whether you are going through a career change, grieving a loved one, recovering from traumatic brain injury, considering retirement, returning to work after a stroke, or are helping a loved one with dementia. The focus of my practice is to help clients find comfort in moments of change and reinvention, and to develop coping methods for the rest of the journey. Having relocated internationally and changed careers, I know something about transitions. My prior career in high-tech sales/marketing informs my understanding of pressures professionals face. For clients who face cognitive challenges after a brain injury/illness I offer emotional support, expertise and guidance that helps build a path to increased independence and functionality. I am a licensed clinical psychologist with focused education and training in neuropsychology. My specialty is life transitions; my approach is practical. Whatever life transition you are facing, my overarching goal is to help you regain a sense of control and function effectively within a new circumstance.','6502579070');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(9,35796,'Peter Young','If life were simple, there would be less need for confessional booths, principals'' offices and psychotherapy. Things happen along the way, get set aside, accumulate and catch up. Some "stuff" gets passed from one generation to the next. Many people delay indefinitely effectively dealing with difficulties, pass them on to others or deny they exist entirely. When you are ready to sort through such matters give me a call. I am curious, patient and enjoy helping others move forward. I share observations and clarify situations while clients work to increase enjoyment of life. It might be easier than you think. Like most people, I work best with others that are well motivated to change. Sometimes working with an entire family or with a couple works well, other times working individually seems more appropriate. I will help you decide. Time is precious. Potential clients often experience great anxiety at the mere thought of beginning therapy or calling for an initial consultation. Shortly after therapy starts, they often begin to look forward to their sessions and enjoy the work. Call 650-248-9958 to speak confidentially with me about your situation.','6502489958');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(10,133330,'Bridget Stolee - McCormick','Some of my patients have expressed that my sense of humor, genuineness, and professionalism have helped them overcome their resistance to treatment and helped them develop strategies to better their lives. I use these skills to specialize in the treatment of Mood Disorders (Anxiety, Depression, Bipolar), Autism Spectrum Disorders (PDD-NOS, Aspergers, High Functioning Autism), and behavioral issues with children and adolescents. I love working with patients that are motivated and open to change, but I also enjoy the challenge of helping someone find hope and motivation as they struggle through personal challenges. My style is a pragmatic approach to change. I believe in developing reachable goals, using concrete interventions, and collaborating with my patients to improve their work and family life. I work with children, teens, young adults, families and parents to help them gain a sense of awareness and confidence.','6504886022');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(11,67277,'Andrew Gottlieb','Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) can help you learn new thinking and feeling skills to solve problems and create lasting change. I trained at Yale, Stanford Medical School and the University of Washington. With 25 years of experience, I offer effective CBT approaches for a variety of difficulties including: anxiety, depression, OCD, marriage and couples problems, and other issues facing adults and older adolescents. If you are looking for a PhD Psychologist who is direct and solution-focused, click on the Website link to the left to find out more how you can benefit from CBT. I specialize in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), one of the only therapy approaches to be scientifically proven effective for anxiety, depression, OCD, couples issues, and many other problems. No long years of therapy, just a quick, focused approach to figuring out the key problems and learning skills to solve them. I offer a free, no obligation telephone (or email) consultation to determine if CBT is the right approach for your situation. During this conversation we will discuss your issues, and make sure that CBT and my approach makes sense for you. Click the email link below or just call me.','6503242666');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(12,281245,'Deborah Nazarian','I''m a compassionate, collaborative, and active therapist with over a decade of experience providing individual therapy to adults. I work to create a safe, non-judgmental space that facilitates authenticity and exploration. I want to help you better understand yourself and your relationships with others, while gaining effective coping skills to deal with life''s challenges. I''m particularly interested in helping individuals recover from traumatic life experiences. I have extensive training in a number of research-based therapies and I try to find the most effective treatment for each client. My theoretical orientation is integrative and draws on different therapies.','6507970232');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(13,87758,'Angela Sowa','Learning to think creatively is one way to describe the goal of psychoanalytic psychotherapy. WIth guidance, an individual learns to hold the tension of multiple perspectives/emotions resulting in a flexibility of thinking that involves both analytic and imaginative parts of the mind. This "full thinking" can be applied to personal life issues, relationships and creative pursuits. While some individuals enter therapy with acute distress and specific problems that need to be addressed; others have a more vague feeling of discontent. In either case, the self-exploraation of analytic work is meant to expand the way one thinks and feels. I am a psychoanalyst with advanced training in Freudian and Jungian perspectives.I have taught psychology courses (dreams, development, psychosomatics) for over 20+yrs. My post-license (MFT) training includes a doctorate in psychoanalysis and a three-year certificate program in Jungian object relations. I am a trained group consultant. I am very interested in how stress affects both health and psychological well-being and in the way that overall health affects mood states. I pay special attention to an individual''s physical health making referrals when appropriate. I have a special interest in infertility, pregnancy and early parenting.','6503819588');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(14,59105,'Rosemary Selby','Are you looking for relief from anxiety, depression, or relationship problems? Want to move to a whole new plane of interpersonal and emotional functioning? I work interactively with clients blending cognitive therapy and attention to the client''s past. Helping a client understand and change what is blocking his/her greater enjoyment of life is my specialty. With 20+ years in private practice as a psychologist, I have developed specialties in cognitive therapy, couples counseling, chemical dependency, relationship therapy, workplace/career issues, and sport psychology. Additionally, I have worked for 20+ years as an onsite consultant to major corporations providing employee, manager, and organizational coaching. Trained as both a clinical and a sport psychologist, I was employed for over 10 years by Stanford University as their Sport Psychologist providing consultation to athletes, teams, and coaches. The models used for athletes and coaches often work for employees and managers with performance-related concerns.','6502097492');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(15,6634,'Barbara Hoffman','Are you looking to make changes in your life to become happier, less stressed and anxious, more fulfilled in your relationships? I would love to help you develop the tools and skills necessary to make this happen. I have over 20+ years experience as a psychotherapist. The last 6 yrs I have been trained in using Dr.David Burns'' T.E.A.M. model of CBT. It can transform lives. My style is warm, empathic, and respectful. My strengths include enhancing communication skills;dealing with life transition/losses; substance abuse recovery work. Visit my web site at www.barbarahoffmanlmft.com I use a wide variety of methods to assist clients in making changes, especially in overcoming anxiety,stress and depression,to help find happier and healthier ways of living. Homework assignments help clients to practice improving their new skills.Warmth, empathy, and understanding are essential to opening oneself to change. I am a disciple of Paramhansa Yogananda, the Indian Master who wrote the "Autobiography of a Yogi." My spiritual path, including meditation and yoga, helps me bring calmness, peace, and harmony to my work with clients. I welcome people of all spiritual paths.','6509249567');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(16,272533,'Rie Lebus','Dr. Lebus is a licensed clinical psychologist with a specialty in behavioral sleep medicine. As a clinical instructor at Stanford University''s Sleep Health and Insomnia Program within the Department of Psychiatry, she provides treatment for insomnia, circadian rhythm disorders, nightmares, and CPAP adherence. Dr. Lebus also has a private practice in Palo Alto where, in addition to treating sleep disorders, she provides treatment for anxiety, depression, and adjustment disorders. Dr. Lebus completed her postdoctoral fellowship in behavioral sleep medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine and her predoctoral internship at the VA Sierra Nevada Healthcare System. She received her doctoral degree in Clinical Psychology with an emphasis in health psychology from Pacific Graduate School of Psychology.','4158861932');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(17,70532,'Anne Ingham','I am a warm, direct and down-to-earth psychologist experienced in adult, adolescent and child psychotherapy. My specialties include helping people with international relocation, eating disorders, anxiety, depression and relational problems. I am an expert in short-term treatment for depression and anxiety, longer-term treatment, therapy for severe mental illness, and psychoanalytic/psychodynamic therapy. It can be difficult to find the right psychotherapist. I recommend setting up an initial consultation in which we can discuss your situation, goals and preferences and assess whether it might be a good fit. Please also see my website for further information. Adolescents: The teenage years can be confusing and painful for teens and parents. Psychotherapy can help preserve parent-child relationships by providing support and creating a safe, confidential environment for teens to express themselves. I help parents get to know their teen, and adjust to his or her evolving needs. Children: I work closely with kids and parents to identify psychological factors that hinder development and cause emotional and behavioral difficulties. Addressing these obstacles can get your child back on track and bolster him or her against future problems. I provide off-cite and school visits when appropriate.','6504509292');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(18,181217,'The Relationship Clinic','I am the owner of The Relationship Clinic, conveniently located in Palo Alto near Stanford University. I have been in this field for over 20 years. I offer therapy for couples looking to improve their relationship. I also offer divorce therapy, singles who are navigating the dating world and/or looking to find that special someone and pre-marital counseling. My practice is all about relationships. If you have been struggling in this area, please do not leave it up to chance and hope for the best. Studies have shown that individuals tend to wait a good 6 years before finally contacting a professional! When you place a call to my clinic, you will get a free consultation over the phone. We will spend about 30 min. talking about the nature of your problem so that I can have an understanding of your particular situation. I am direct. My goals are two folded: 1) to understand your specific situation, 2) to find a resolution. I have had extensive training, I am an experienced, seasoned clinician. You will find yourself in a comfortable, confidential, professional clinic dedicated to relationships. I offer high quality, high value therapy. Please feel free to visit my web site at THERELATIONSHIPCLINIC.NET','6502414145');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(19,264959,'Suzan Song','Dr. Suzan Song, MD, MPH, PhD is a Harvard and Stanford trained double board-certified adult and child/adolescent psychiatrist. She has extensive experience in therapy (trained in short-term psychodynamic therapy, DBT and CBT which she incorporates into sessions. Dr. Song specializes in children, adolescents and adults.Dr. Song takes a conservative approach to medications and believes in a multi-modal package of individualized treatment. She specializes in issues including depression, anxiety, life transitions, and grief. Dr. Song''s holistic approach includes incorporating family/relationships and school/work information into the life of each person and encourages clients to be active participants in treatment. She was president of the Northern California region of Child and Adolescent psychiatrists.','6509008526');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(20,46275,'Susan Owicki','I work with individual adults, couples, and families in a collaborative and respectful style. My intent is to help you discover what you want to be different in your life and then find ways to make those changes. Often this means improving relationships -- learning about communication, finding better ways to deal with conflict, and becoming closer. At other times the goals are more individual, such as gaining self-confident, dealing with painful emotions, or learning to make wiser choices. To learn more about my background and counseling approach, see my website at www.OwickiMFT.com','6509184808');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(21,119095,'Shaliza Shorey','I am a clinical neuropsychologist, who strongly believes the purpose of psychological treatment is not just to relieve your symptoms but to improve your quality of life. My vision for my clients is to help them learn tools and strategies for understanding their psychological barriers and/or habits that may be getting in their way of achieving better physical and mental health. I work with my clients to empower them to feel more in control of their lives and implement healthy changes. I utilize a variety of treatment modalities including cognitive behavioral therapy, EMDR, Biofeedback, and concepts of mind-body medicine. I perform evaluations to provide diagnostic clarification and work with clients who are seeking clarity about their diagnosis and the right course of treatment. I collaborate your care with your providers to guide the course of treatment. I am on staff with the Comprehensive Pain management Program (Cpainmc.com) and El Camino Hospital. I offer a free, no obligation telephone consultation to determine if my expertises are right for your situation. During this conversation I will ask you some questions about your issues and outline how CBT, EMDR, and/or a neuropsychological evaluation could help you, and we can see if there''s a good fit.','6508974637');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(22,42474,'Palo Alto Therapy','Is anxiety or social confidence holding you back? Are you feeling worn down by worry and stress? Do you want to feel happier? When you meet with one of our anxiety therapists you''ll be put at ease and be given the tools that can improve your life, whether it be anxiety, excessive worry, OCD, sadness, depression, or general stress. Our therapy is not traditional talk therapy and is focused and results oriented. We use Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to provide lasting results. Contact us to make an appointment. Our cognitive behavioral therapists specialize in helping you overcome anxiety problems. We will teach you the skills to reduce anxiety, OCD, social shyness, or stress and provide tools to help you find enjoyment in life. Review our website to learn more about how we can help you. We have successfully helped many people with anxiety &amp; depression, often rather quickly. Choosing knowledgeable, experienced, and active therapists can make all the difference. We specialize in CBT or Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and in helping our clients overcome anxiety problems. Call us for an appointment or for a free phone consultation.','6504619026');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(23,91313,'Lara Otte','People can easily get stuck in their lives. Sometimes the problem is identifiable: a relationship, work situation, loneliness. But other times we just feel lost, unhappy and unable to make the changes we wish for. I like working with people who are interested in knowing more about themselves and their tendencies and how these tendencies shape their behaviors and experiences. I enjoy helping people dissolve the barriers to living a fuller, more creative and satisfying life. I specialize in individual therapy with adults of all ages. Some of the problems I treat are: life transitions (marriage, divorce, death, parenting support), relationship difficulties (including dating), work and career decisions, stress management, anger management, depression (low self-esteem, lack of pleasure), anxiety (worries, fears, obsessive or compulsive behavior), and self-defeating behaviors. My approach to therapy is interactive and supportive. I will help you explore problems, but also remain practical and solution-focused.','4157422876');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(24,64624,'Erin Hwasta','Find hope, clarity and fulfillment in your life. Disruptive and disturbing things happen in all of our lives. Sometimes we need outside help to get through it and get to the life that we want for ourselves. Trust yourself to know when it is time to face the issues and move past them. Then, I can help you find the path to the life you want and I will support you through the tough times along the way. Often difficulties in the present are leftover reactions from events in the past. No matter what your past holds, the present and future are yours to create. Let me help you move through the current difficulties and create the happy, joyful and fulfilling life that you want for yourself. I work with adolescents and adults. I specialize in working with male and female survivors of sexual assault and/or childhood sexual abuse as well as with men and women coping with pregnancy loss and grief.','6502668283');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(25,124636,'Jean Hamilton','I tend to see individual adults and couples in my practice who want to develop more self awareness, insight, and understanding as to why they are facing the difficulties or challenges which bring them into work with me. My hope is to help them see where their early childhood experiences impact and affect their functioning as adults. One goal for them is to become more flexible in their thinking and behavior so that they can enjoy their lives more fully. I see my role as an assistant to them in this process, trusting them, their thinking and ability to change. My belief is that humans have an innate capacity to heal from their hurts, but that this process of healing has been interfered with by well-meaning adults and by an oppressive society. My role is to help clients relearn this natural healing process and be able to use it. A large part of my work with clients is to get them "feeling their feelings." This means encouraging the emotional release work (crying, laughing, shaking, as well as talking) which are the outward indicators that healing and transformation are taking place. This process is what helps them become more human.','6502412261');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(26,63819,'Jill Mellick','Working in Silicon Valley and close to Stanford University has given me the privilege and delight--for 25 years--of accompanying executives, professionals, academics and/or their partners and families during times of growth, grief, and change, both welcome and unwelcome. I respect the courage and commitment these gifted, stressed individuals and couples bring to their personal and professional development and challenges, and to increasing the quality of both their inner and outer lives. I work within your world, not you within mine, It''s my responsibility and privilege to choose, from a range of therapeutic modes and experience, what suits you and/or your situation--whether it is stress management and meditation, executive coaching, dreamwork, coping skills for health crises/chronic illness or spiritual concerns. My grandparents traveled from four different continents to Australia. I live in a fifth! So I value cultural difference highly. I also value many sources of wisdom--yours and mine-- in my going walkabout with you: creativity, the arts, dreams, body wisdom, my professional avocations as writer and artist, and my surviving life-threatening illness.','6502097609');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(27,47262,'Palo Alto Therapy','Is excessive worry or anxiety limiting your life? Do you want to feel better and live a happier life? Helping our clients overcome social anxiety, public speaking fears, OCD, panic, excessive worry and depression is our primary focus. By using proven therapy methods (We are Cognitive Behavioral Therapy specialists) we will focus on specific problems, solutions, and reachable goals. We provide much more than traditional talk therapy and help you get results to improve your emotions and your life. By doing this we can help rather quickly. Call to schedule a free phone consultation. Our counselors not only provide the support, guidance, and expertise needed for your improvement, but we also use evidenced based techniques and cognitive behavioral therapy to promote rapid change. We will connect you with the best counselor for your situation and put you on the right track from the start. We would be happy to speak with you about your situation during a free phone consultation. We have male and female counselors available who can help you individually, as a family, or as a couple. Call or email us to schedule an appointment.','6504619026');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(28,71137,'Emily Lyon','Perhaps you are struggling with relationships that are not working for you or you feel ''stuck'' in past relationships that were harmful. You may have lost your sense of direction or meaning in life, finding yourself drawn into a depression, as though you were walking in a dark cloud. Where once you were certain of your purpose, you may feel anxious, uncertain or shaky much of the time. You may feel like a stranger to yourself.."What happened to me!" Perhaps there have been unexpected changes or disruptions in your life, or a nagging issue is asking for attention. We begin therapy clarifying your reasons for coming and hopes for progress. I have many years of experience helping people with traumatic relationships, past trauma, the sudden loss of a loved one or work and family conflicts. Exploring past difficulties and the complexities of your emotional life are important. As you work through your life''s difficulties you will also begin to see the skills and strengths that have helped you to keep going. You will learn how to direct these energies into restoring the sense of purpose and direction that will sustain you.','6503241450');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(29,179362,'Rinat Kass','Congratulations! You have made the first step toward achieving your goals. Let me be your partner in this exciting journey. I provide an open, warm and trusting environment for us to work in. Whether you are struggling with relationship issues, self esteem, career choices or general dissatisfaction with life, I am here to help. My goal is for you to leave my care feeling confident to live your life the way you want to. Together, let''s explore your path to a fulfilling life. A major area of interest for me is working on issues unique to women. I have extensive personal and professional experience working with women on weight/body image, building more fulfilling relationships, infertility, transition to parenthood, and the challenges of being mothers. Witnessing women become the best version of themselves is very rewarding to me. Group work is another avenue I provide for my clients to address their issues. I offer groups that focus on body image issues, surviving motherhood, challenges of Silicone Valley couples, infertility, and more. If you get the sense that we can work well together, please contact me. I am here for you.','6504222580');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(30,189069,'Colleen Ney','COLLEEN KING NEY, LCSW, has been in private practice as a clinician working with children, adolescents, adults, couples and families, for the last 25 years. During this time she has helped others explore and reflect on how early experiences effect identity, relationships and one''s sense of purpose as well as helping people challenge obstacles that interfere with authenticity . Areas of focus include , depression / anxiety , life transitions, relationship concerns, work related issues , bringing values to leadership. Additionally she is passionate about working with individuals and families around addiction and recovery, aiding them in the process of radical transformation that so often can accompany this work.','6502638370');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(31,215194,'Annette Glass','I specialize in helping others navigate the transitions in their life that are causing grief, depression, anxiety, confusion. Working together, we will uncover answers, strengths and resiliency to aid in your transformation. Walk &amp; Talk therapy is my specialty, however, office sessions are available. Walk &amp; Talk therapy involves conducting therapy sessions while walking in a pleasant environment. There are many benefits to this format as walking increases endorphins, allows for time in nature and gives one a sense of action around life issues. Walk and talk therapy, Buddhist Psychology, Mindfulness, Compassion-Focused Therapy. I work under the supervision of Jean Kaplinsky, MFC 34044','6505427309');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(32,126114,'Beth O','Wouldn''t it be nice to become more clear about how you want to live your life? The dynamic process of patient and therapist working together so that troubling thoughts and feelings, unrealized dreams and hidden fears can emerge in the therapy session strengthens the ability to grow in intimate relationships. Working with the concept of how individuals balance both the need for autonomy and the need for connection, I will help you sort out how to emotionally and physically love without losing yourself. It takes courage to seek treatment. Building rapport with a therapist to help yourself get back on track can be life altering - whether you are dealing with your marriage, navigating the emotional roller coaster of infertility treatments, or negotiating a teen''s developmental task of separating. I have sought the best couple''s training - Monica Stone, Ellyn Bader (The Couples Institute), Stan Tatkin (PACT) - and am a member of the American Association of Sexuality, Education Counselors and Therapists (AASECT). Growing up emotionally healthy teens is a passion. Adjunct Faculty Member at Santa Clara University.','6502625681');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(33,32244,'Virginia Humphrey','My practice philosophy is that all of my patients deserve the best care possible, and I strive to provide that quality of care. I respect each person''s individuality, his/her strengths and life accomplishments which must not be obscured by the often presenting pain, distress and possible disability. Jungian psychotherapy and psychoanalysis bring hope for a greater sense of wholeness and well-being; each of us has the innate ability to grow and change inside ourselves as well as in relationships. Life then becomes richer, holding deeper meaning for each of us. Exploring the inner world of feelings, thoughts and images help us in our work to improve relationships and the quality of life experienced.','6506030378');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(34,211239,'Jamie Kent','I specialize in treating the unique mental health needs of women. I am passionate about the interplay between hormonal, psychological and environmental influences on women''s health and overall sense of well-being. I treat mood changes associated with hormonal or reproductive transition (pregnancy, postpartum, menopause), infertility or pregnancy loss, and adjustment to women''s medical diagnoses (e.g., breast cancer). I also provide treatment for women struggling with depression, anxiety, eating behaviors, relationship stress and life transition. As a faculty member of the PGSP-Stanford psychology doctoral program, I am actively involved in teaching, training, and research. I am also pleased to be part of Peninsula Behavioral Health, a center focused on evidence-based treatments. Please visit our website to learn more about me: www.penbh.com.','6504378349');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(35,249080,'Anni Kelley-Day','Is anxiety or social confidence holding you back? Are you feeling worn down by worry and stress? Do you want to feel happier? When you meet with one of our anxiety therapists you''ll be put at ease and be given the tools that can improve your life, whether it be anxiety, excessive worry, OCD, sadness, depression, or general stress. Our therapy is not traditional talk therapy and is focused and results oriented. We use Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to provide lasting results. Contact us to make an appointment. Our cognitive behavioral therapists specialize in helping you overcome anxiety problems. We will teach you the skills to reduce anxiety, OCD, social shyness, or stress and provide tools to help you find enjoyment in life. Review our website to learn more about how we can help you. We have successfully helped many people with anxiety &amp; depression, often rather quickly. Choosing knowledgeable, experienced, and active therapists can make all the difference. We specialize in CBT or Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and in helping our clients overcome anxiety problems. Call us for an appointment or for a free phone consultation.','6504897743');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(36,172560,'Jason Angel','Located in the heart of downtown Palo Alto, The Palo Alto Psychology Group is a partnership of Stanford-trained clinical psychologists dedicated to evidenced-based treatment. We specialize in a range of clinical approaches to the treatment of various mood, anxiety, and related disorders. We also help individuals coping with life stress and transitions, relationship problems, as well as anger management issues. We work with our patients, tailoring evidenced- based clinical approaches to their individual needs. Our clinicians are also integrally familiar with the stresses and challenges of living and working in Silicon Valley and focus their work on navigating the specific challenges individuals confront in this area.','6502763713');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(37,195850,'Andrea Barlas','Andrea Barlas is a LMFT and a Board Certified Art Therapist. Since 1990, Andrea provides individual psychotherapy for young children, adolescents and young adults. Andrea is also the Director of Social and Emotional Learning and Guidance Advisor at an independent girls school in Palo Alto. Using mindful practices, art and play therapy, and traditional talk therapy, Andrea provides a safe space for individuals to explore their inner thoughts and feelings,and understand and process these feelings. Andrea enjoys working with individualslooking for support in working through issues related to anxiety, depression, sexual orientation, life transitions, and school challenges.','6503039738');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(38,96695,'Alice Locke-Chezar','Does your child struggle with: Anxiety; persistent worrying? Behavioral outbursts? Difficulty going and staying asleep? Problems at school, falling grades? Feeling sad or crying much of the time? Is stress affecting family relationships? Palo Alto Parenting Solutions is a specialty practice that helps children who are having difficulty with behavior, emotions and socializing. I work with the whole family to find compassionate and caring solutions so you can see your child happy and capable. Specialties, Autism Spectrum Disorder, ADHD, Adoption, Anxiety, and Depression. Call for a free phone consultation. I''m Alice Locke-Chezar, principle of Palo Alto Parenting Solutions. I understand that each child''s behavior has a feeling behind it and each feeling is a clue to the puzzle of emotions driving their behavior. "At Palo Alto Parenting Solutions we provide innovative responses to each of our clients unique needs."','6503395101');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(39,60388,'Connect','Argue? Don''t talk? Feel Unheard? Unseen? Misunderstood? Taken for Granted? When things are not going well at home, you may be miserable. Plus, you don''t want anyone to know. There''s not much that is lonelier than feeling alone in your relationship. Relationships should be the place we feel more secure. If we feel mistrusted, unheard, unseen or misunderstood, then we feel sad, hurt, and angry. Then couples argue, withdraw, and blame. But it doesn''t have to be like this. You just want to feel better and be happy. Call 650-847-0030, or email canderson@connect2.us.com. We return all phone calls and emails. The Palo Alto Weekly publishes my blog, "Couple''s Net" at www.paloaltoonline.com. To see the books and articles I''ve written, as well as video interviews, visit my website. Connect2® Marriage Counseling offers comprehensive service for couples and individuals who want to feel better and be happy. Couples Counseling. Individual Counseling for Relationship Issues. Wrap-Around Couples Counseling. You have tried everything, and it still isn''t working, so now you are seeking confidential help.','6503004809');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(40,73038,'Inna Matov','As a psychologist, I assist people in acquiring greater creative and emotional competencies, reconnecting with themselves and significant others, and removing obstacles to personal happiness and joy. Psychotherapy is about personal growth, healing after emotional trauma and grief, and realizing one''s fullest potential. In therapy sessions we examine meaningful relationships, communication styles, and barriers to success with a goal of restoring a sense of balance to your life and, by extension, to the lives of others who care deeply about you. For those who wish to deepen their self-understanding, we explore the unconscious by analyzing dreams, memories, and fantasies. Potential benefits of therapy include, but are not limited to: relief from depressive and overly-anxious feelings, increase in one''s creative capacities to solve life''s problems, greater tolerance for ambiguity in our existence, and development of a deeper understanding of self and relationships with others. Additionally, I am fluent in Russian and I welcome Russian-speaking therapy clients.','6505166741');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(41,271622,'Karin Chandler','I have worked with children, teens and their families for the past 25 years. And developed educational plans with schools. My work is focused on the most effective and impactful techniques to provide a stable and thriving life for children, teens and their families. I provide parent coaching, giving parents specific, user-friendly strategies for improving and supporting their child''s life as well as their own. And my approach is always aimed at creating healthy self-esteem and providing positive coping techniques for a wide range of issues and challenges. Providing a place for compassionate understanding and support. Specialized in children, teens, parenting and education. Working with a range of issues from anxiety and depression to learning disabilities and the spectrum of diagnoses. My experience includes working in hospitals, schools, residential settings and clinics. I have a wide range of experience including blended families and multi-cultural dynamics. My work is known for being very effective and creating a healing and thriving environment, quickly so that a child or teen can engage in a happy and healthy life moving forward. While giving parents and caregivers tools and techniques they can use over the years to come .','6503895975');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(42,36767,'Diane Byster','I am California state licensed marriage and family therapist, National Certified Counselor and Registered Yoga Teacher. Over 10 years of experience, post license, I maintain a private practice in Palo Alto and see clients for individual, couple psychotherapy and career counseling. I have taught courses for Kaiser Permanente, including: "Mind-Body Medicine," "Overcoming Depression" and "Couples Communication." I received 7 years of training and consultation in the Control-Mastery approach, which helps clients use the therapy relationship and their inner resources to dismantle unproductive beliefs that interfere with achieving life goals. Also training in Attachment-Based Intensive Short-Term Dynamic Psychotherapy, and Emotionally Focused Therapy. I offer a client-centered approach to treatment; tailoring interventions and time frame that are specific to each individual and couple. Psychotherapy and career counseling involve an active collaboration between client and therapist to help the client create a more satisfying personal and work life. My training also includes completion of an externship, individual and group consultation in Emotionally Focused Therapy, which helps couples form a more secure bond by addressing unproductive cycles of interaction.The goal is to help couples experience greater closeness and safety by replacing negative cycles of interactions with positive ones.','6502097797');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(43,260883,'Barbara Oceanlight','* With children I address challenges with behavior, mood, school success, social skills, immigration, loss &amp; grief, abuse &amp; trauma, separation &amp; attachment. * I provide the same for teens as well as addressing intensification of mental health issues, sexuality &amp; sexual orientation, substance use, self-harm, internet addiction and college/career/life planning &amp; decision making. * With parents I cover their childhood experiences, current life stressors, teaching parenting skills and practicing productive communication with their children. * Challenges addressed with adults include being in and recovering from abusive relationship, immigration, depression, anxiety, racism, sexual abuse, trauma, substance use and accomplishing life changes and goals. I provide counseling for children, teens, parents and adults in English and Spanish. Since graduating from Webster University in 1990 with an MA in Counseling Services, I have successfully treated clients with a wide variety of cultural and ethnic backgrounds in schools, agency clinic, group homes and inpatient treatment. My counseling approach is to see each client as a unique holistic being. I follow the client''s lead and offer a wide range of intervention techniques tailored to the individual. I am committed to providing sensitivity to cultural diversity, my strongest areas being race, gender, sexual orientation, religion-spirituality.','6504379850');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(44,279606,'Carole Cassidy','Could you use help with your relationships? Would you like to let go of resentment, practice forgiveness, increase feelings of intimacy and connection? Is stress and anxiety getting in the way of your living a happier life that you desire? Are you in a life transition and not sure where to turn. I would like to accompany you on this journey. Together we can explore your best solutions, behavior modifications, and a new outlook. I offer an empathic ear and use active listening to fully understand your circumstances. I have many years of experience with Strategist Family Therapy to help target the main issues and offer possible resolutions. If one person changes in a family the whole family system will change. You can''t usually change others, but you can change yourself. I enjoy working with adults, seniors, couples, and families. Currently available on Saturdays at any time.','6506207326');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(45,34429,'Carla Ison','My areas of specialization include the treatment of depression, anxiety and stress; the treatment of psychological problems relating to life transitions, such as divorce, relocation, physical illness and change in employment status; psychological resilience; relationship enhancement; facilitation of creative processes; career counseling; and professional development. I also offer some limited business consulting services. If you would like to discuss your psychotherapeutic needs and my services, the fastest way to reach me is to call me at (650)332-4655. I do not charge a fee for initial telephone conversations. I can also be reached via the email link on this page. If you would like to view my website, my URL is www.carlaisonphd.com.','6503324655');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(46,205049,'Kristi A. Erickson','I help children, adolescents, young adults and families face their challenges and transform their lives for the better. With patience and a tailored approach, my clients develop greater confidence, self-esteem, connected relationships, emotional balance and health. Contact me today for an appointment. For Young Adults and Adolescents, I utilize a variety of techniques and modalities depending on specific client needs including Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT), Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Interpersonal Therapy and others. In a comfortable and supportive atmosphere, I offer a highly tailored approach to each of my client''s needs. For Children: Play therapy is a form of counseling or psychotherapy that uses play to communicate with and help children to prevent or resolve psychosocial challenges. Play therapy provides a way for children to express their experiences and feelings through a natural, self-guided, self-healing process.','6503057060');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(47,56664,'Susan Kaplan','As we go through life, we accumulate experiences that shape us and our world view. Usually, we are not even aware of the effect these experiences have on us. Psychotherapy provides a place to unpack and review our life experiences in a safe environment with an eye to personal growth. Why did we act the way we did? What were we feeling at the time? Could we have acted differently? Could we do something different now? By understanding our core motivations, we can make choices to continue to act in accordance with them, or to change them. For over thirty years, I have worked with people experiencing issues with relationships, anxiety, depression, parenting, work, and work-life balance. I have helped many students with academic anxiety complete their coursework and dissertations. I have worked with parents of special needs children. I see both individuals and couples. My approach to therapy integrates both psychodynamic and Jungian theories to discover the underlying conflicts and beliefs that cause surface dysfunction. I feel that reviewing past experiences and relationships is critical to understanding present behavior. Using this understanding, clients are encouraged to choose paths that foster new growth.','6503259564');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(48,150663,'Sarangan ','Do you long for happiness, better relationships, and a more fulfilling life? Do you wish you had tools to deal with anxiety or stress? Do you want to create greater joy in your primary relationship? I would like to support you on this journey. In our work you can learn to: gain insight into your problems, tap into your inherent inner wisdom, heal past wounds, improve communication, develop empathic understanding and deepen intimacy. I believe by getting in touch with our feelings we become open to experiencing and enjoying life in a much more profound way. I have experience helping people with anxiety, depression, stress, anger, addiction, relationship issues, low self-esteem, PTSD, grief/loss, life-coaching, career problems and ADHD/ADD. I specialize in mindfulness based psychotherapy and non-judgemental presence. I also use eclectic blend of modalities as needed. My work is both solution focused and depth oriented. Having been a software engineer for 20+ years I understand the unique issues and challenges of the silicon valley professionals, especially technology professionals. I specialize in working with the technology professionals on work-life balance and other issues.','6505574483');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(49,99316,'Eric Miller','Do you want to find a greater sense of calm and insight into your life? Are you struggling with feeling you are repeating the same patterns over and over? If you are noticing you are in relationships and unsure how to hope for things to be different, be it with parents, partners, friends, or peers, feeling stuck and unable to change, it may be time to work with someone you trust and who can help you experience relief. I work with individuals to find their inner identity and the strength to live a life worth living. I''ll work with you to identify your goals and determine the best way to meet those goals in the most direct fashion. I work in both brief and long-term time frames and as we accomplish one goal we may take a break or we can consider new goals. I have a respectful, mindful, and dynamic style. I consider myself an ally with each person who comes to me for help. I am active in sessions and will challenge you in a supportive and confident manner to integrate lasting new skills with insight informed by past events and current goals.','6503186721');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(50,142924,'Patricia Weiss','Dr. Patricia Weiss offers Psychological Testing for children (as young as age three), adolescents and adults. She has 21 years of experience in working with Substance Abuse issues. Dr. Weiss also spent years specializing in Neurological cases. She spent 17 years at St. Mary''s Medical Center as their Chief Neuropsychologist in the adolescent unit. She also worked as one of five top Neuropsychologists from 2005 to 2011 at San Francisco Juvenile hall. Dr. Weiss has been working since 2001 for Dr. Gilbert Kliman, an internationally-recognized expert in abuse and autism. Dr. Weiss completed the Neuropsychological assessments for Dr. Kliman for many high-profile cases across the country. Dr. Weiss works with multiple schools throughout the Bay Area, both private and public. She has worked with and has great expertise with the Individualized Education Plan (IEP) process.','6504092204');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(51,151005,'Inge Hansen','I am here to help you become your best and most fulfilled self, even if you don''t know what that self might be like yet. I will sit down with you and explore what is getting in the way in your life, whether it''s depression, anxiety, relationship issues, pain from your past, or another concern entirely. Once we have a sense of what is hard for you, then we can work together to get you to a better place. We will find a way, or we will make one. My therapeutic style is warm and open, and also quite honest and direct. My goal is to create an environment where you feel safe being your most authentic, vulnerable self, but where you also know that you will receive honest feedback about yourself and your impact on others. I head up a program at Stanford specializing in promoting mental health and wellness across all genders and sexual orientations, so I am likely to be an especially good match for you if you are exploring your gender or sexuality. I have over 10 years'' experience as a generalist as well.','6505572274');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(52,205982,'Nathan Szajnberg','Children and adolescents and their parents have been the center of my work for three decades. From this, I''ve built a developmental understanding of adult''s inner lives and how to treat and alleviate misery, pain, suffering and the vicissitudes of life in contemporary society. My ideal client is anyone who feels dissatisfied with her or his life and wishes to work to improve their present and future. I''ve worked with many different ethnicities -- as Director of Child Psychiatry at a major children''s hospital, as medical director of the Family Mosaic in San Francisco, as Freud Professor at the Hebrew University and at the Hadassah Hospital. My books focus on developmental challenges and how to overcome them. Besides my background working with many ethnicities, my wife, Dr. Yikun Wu, is fluent in Mandarin and Cantonese and available to translate and collaborate with families who prefer to work in these languages. We are also able to give parental counseling.','6502764299');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(53,73449,'Elizabeth Rosenfeld','Whether you are having a hard time sorting things out for yourself or communicating with other people, I can help you achieve your goals and improve your relationships. Selecting the theoretical orientations most appropriate for solving the particular issues that you bring in, I integrate them to achieve good results within a reasonably short time. Training and long experience in Clinical Psychology and Marriage and Family Therapy has yielded the expertise to conduct psychotherapy both at an individual and at a relationship level. I specialize in issues of acculturation and cross-cultural interactions, both at work and in personal relationships. My specialized combination of skills comes from several sources: training and experience in Multicultural Psychotherapy, my own multicultural background, and fluency in several languages. This expertise allows me to help people identify and clarify the painful feelings often aroused by miscommunication, unfulfilled expectations, and the misinterpretation of sensitive cultural differences. The method is to help identify and clarify potential personal blocks and misunderstandings, and to develop tolerance and enhance empathy and cooperation in members of a relationship. The goal is to develop effective and polite styles of communication and interaction that facilitate the resolution of both personal and relational issues.','6505495830');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(54,55795,'Ellen Russin','I have been a psychotherapist for adults and adolescents for over 20 years. People come to me to deal with painful feelings and difficulties in living, and to improve their sense of well-being. Many of the clients I see have relationship issues, depression, anxiety, low self-esteem, or eating disorders. Some people are unclear what troubles them, but are unhappy with their lives. I do both brief and long term psycho-dynamic psychotherapy, depending on the circumstances. I see adults and teens individually and do consultation with parents. Before the first session it''s helpful to have a short telephone consultation. Choosing a therapist can be difficult. Feeling accepted and respected is key to a successful therapy. By choosing a person you trust, you can explore your feelings and identify unproductive patterns of thinking and behaving. Our goal is to work together to help you lead a more satisfying life.','4158004094');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(55,254914,'Lilya Osipov','As a psychologist working with adults, adolescents, and families, I specialize in the treatment of eating disorders, body image concerns, anxiety disorders, alcohol use problems, life transitions, and related difficulties. My approach is integrative, individualized, and some may say irreverent. I aim to help my clients create a life worth living and use therapeutic approaches that are supported by research. Because no two people and no two families are the same, I tailor treatment to my clients needs and circumstances. To help clients track progress towards their treatment goals, I use assessment to inform and individualize treatment. How do you want to live your life? What is important to you? Sometimes thoughts, feelings, and behaviors get in the way of change. I work collaboratively with my clients to help them set goals that are consistent with their life priorities and overcome problems that get in the way. Areas of expertise include cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). I also specialize in CBT for eating disorders across the life span as well as dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT) and family based therapy (FBT) for eating disorders. In addition, I integrate mindfulness, compassion, and acceptance and commitment informed interventions into my practice.','4088998016');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(56,137012,'Jeffrey Miller','I work primarily with teenage boys and adult men and women. My work addresses a variety of issues including depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, learning differences, attention and executive functioning deficits, divorce and other family issues, substance abuse and dependence, parenting, health concerns, stage of life issues, professional stresses and transitions, and deeper exploration of emotional, psychological and spiritual issues. Many of my teenage patients are facing a combination of family, school and social issues. My adult patients are often seeking assistance with personal and family issues, struggles in the workplace, and deeper issues relating to meaning, purpose and spiritual direction. I use a mix of approaches designed to help my patients quickly get to, and deal with the core of, what they wish to address. The essence of my work is presenting a safe, caring, compassionate and understanding place for my patients to freely explore and hopefully resolve the discomfort that brought them to me. I believe firmly in the need for a strong therapeutic connection between me and the patient to establish the trust and safety necessary for effective work to be done.','6504580171');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(57,172548,'Jason Angel','A Bay Area native, Dr. Jason Angel specializes in both cognitive-behavioral treatment (CBT) and dialectical behavioral treatment (DBT) for mood and anxiety disorders. Dr. Angel received his Bachelor of Arts from Stanford University graduating phi beta kappa and with honors and distinction. He then received his PH.D. in clinical psychology at Harvard University conducting research on cognitive factors involved in major depression. Dr. Angel has worked in clinics in the Boston area, including the Bipolar Clinic at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), and the Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders Institute and the Klarman Eating Disorders Center at Mclean Hospital. He has also worked at the Boston University Center for Anxiety (CARD). After receiving his doctoral degree at Harvard University, Dr. Angel completed his internship at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago and completed his post-doctoral Fellowship at Stanford Medical Center in Palo Alto. Dr. Angel also speaks Spanish fluently.','6504667917');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(58,85578,'Mary Brayton','How Can I Help You? ...by being a therapist you feel comfortable talking to. If you are having trouble relaxing, are worried about a loved one,are facing divorce or major illness, are feeling irritable, confused, depressed,lonely, are concerned about your teen taking risks or a child hating school talking with me can help. Talking can give you objective perspective, help you develop coping skills, lessen the isolation that makes people feel"crazy" and reduce inner turmoil that can lead to physical ailments. We work together to identify and build on your current personal strengths in this healing process. What are my specialties? I work with children, adolescents,adults and families. I have five years of experience counseling children/adolescents referred for behavioral problems, health issues and family crisis. I work closely with their families. I have worked with adults facing a variety of life transitions. Often, substance abuse and addiction are ways people cope with stress and depression. I have extensive experience assessing and treating this issue. I am the parent of two grown children and have been active in my local community. I understand the pressures and unique features of Silicon Valley life.','6502097873');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(59,202163,'Goolrukh Vakil','WOMEN''S GROUP STARTING IN APRIL. Anxious, depressed, on-edge, angry, sleepless? To help you heal and to transform your relationships, I offer individual, couple therapy, or groups. Your wellbeing means relief from these symptoms; clearing internal conflict and confusion; improving communication; healing from abuse; loss/grief; marital issues; divorce; medical or surgery anxiety; addiction or maintaining recovery; different crises; teenager and parenting issues; difficulties at work. Or, if you are successful, "have everything" but feel something''s missing for complete happiness, we can explore spiritual wellbeing. Contemplating therapy is a brave first step, I would be honored to work with you. I am familiar with American and cross-cultures and specialize in individual, relationship (individually and couples), extended family, and acculturation issues. My process depends on your need--long-term therapy for deeper issues, short-term CBT. I include mindfulness and mind-body connection (somatic) for whole-person healing. I offer a warm, compassionate, safe space for your therapy to give you confidence in yourself and in me for collaborative work. Your past affects your present; you will heal as we explore and resolve your personal or interpersonal conflicts, or the trauma you survived, by integrative/holistic methods.','4159692975');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(60,272827,'Steve Khachi','Dr. Khachi is a licensed physician and board-certified psychiatrist with expertise in psychopharmacology and various types of individual and family psychotherapy. In his practice, he integrates academic and evidence-based clinical approaches with practical experiences in an empathic, trusting, and collaborative environment. Dr. Khachi has a broad range of experiences in treating psychiatric disorders. He has worked as a psychiatrist in variety of settings including psychiatric hospitals, outpatient clinics, emergency rooms, eating disorder facilities, alcohol and drug treatment programs, and as a consulting psychiatrist to schools, hospitals, and other referring physicians and therapists. Dr. Khachi is currently serving as Chief Fellow of the Division of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at Stanford University. He is an active member of many medical associations including the American Medical Association, the American Psychiatric Association, and the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatrists.','6506207146');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(61,102135,'Marguerite Manteau-Rao','I serve clients dealing with depression, anxiety, chronic pain, end-of-life, and grief and loss. I am also a memory care consultant and coach family members in how to care for loved ones with Alzheimer''s and dementia. In my work, I use a combination of mindfulness-based, psychodynamic, cognitive behavioral, and art therapy interventions. I like to empower my clients to develop the inner resources to cope, as well as find greater meaning in their life. For homebound clients, I do home visits. I am a writer for the Huffington Post and Mind Deep blog. Mindfulness practice or the cultivation of the ability to be present for one''s whole experience, in a wise, non judgmental manner, guides much of my work. I coach my clients in developing their own practice, in addition to giving them other tools such as cognitive therapy and art therapy. With Dr. Allen Power, I developed the Presence Care training to help lower stress in dementia caregivers and improve care . http://presencecareproject.com. I am also the founder of the Mindfulness-Based Dementia Care Program at UCSF Osher Center for Integrative Medicine in San Francisco.','4154758396');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(62,83885,'Christopher Sato-Perry','For over 21 years, I''ve collaborated with people to resolve their psychological trauma, phobias, anxiety &amp; stress as well as maximize responses to their medical diagnoses, treatments &amp; conditions. This clinical focus stems from both a personal medical challenge since age 12 and research on treating women with breast cancer and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Yet Kaiser research (1998) finding 70% of primary care visits are driven by mental, emotional and relational issues highlights how mind and body are interwoven for each of us. This interplay provides leverage for preventive medicine, for responding to illness and for maximizing peak performance. Along with Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy, I integrate: * EMDR: Unlocks the inner prison of limiting beliefs, whether for stress, anxiety, phobias, trauma, PTSD or peak performance. * Interactive Imagery: Self-hypnosis. * Biofeedback: Psycho-physiological self-regulation. * Capnometry: Prevents hyperventilation (the grease on the "slippery slope" of distress). * Interactive Metronome: Hones attention via training "time intelligence" within milliseconds. I have trained with Georgetown''s Mind-Body Medicine &amp; CancerGuides programs. Yet working &amp; traveling abroad four years is my best education. Techniques are tools, and two years'' translating Gorbachev at a Soviet news agency woke me to safely dialoguing with creative &amp; destructive forces internationally. Doing this innerpersonally &amp; interpersonally rewards us at least as much.','6504407197');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(63,83150,'Hirshfeld','Welcome to my private practice of psychotherapy, psychoanalysis, brief analysis, &amp; consultation. I am a licensed clinical psychologist in practice with children, adults, couples &amp; families. I acknowledge that suffering experienced in relation to anxiety, depression, relationship issues, developmental difficulties, marital distress, parenting, trauma, illness, medical conditions, physical pain experienced in relation to physical injuries, illness &amp; other experiences can result in debilitating distress. Choosing a psychologist &amp; treatment modality can be difficult and confusing. I am here to attempt answering questions you may have about the process of therapy, analysis, or brief analysis. Please do not hesitate to contact me for a consultation. Areas of expertise: assessment; treatment planning; treatment of ages 0-5; psychotherapy for children, adults, couples &amp; families; trauma &amp; compassion fatigue; brief psychoanalysis; consultation to clinicians, teachers, executives &amp; institutions. I authored manuscripts in the areas of child psychoanalysis, psychosomatic conditions, trauma &amp; secondary stress; &amp; co-authored &amp; implemented a Brief Lacanian Treatment Model. Dr. Hirshfeld completed a postdoc fellowship @ Stanford Counseling &amp; Psychological Services (CAPS); conducted extensive research @ PTSD Research Program, SFVA/UCSF; was a consultant to the Brief Lacanian Analysis Project @ Mission Mental Health; served as Adjunct Clinical Faculty @ California Institute of Integral Studies (CIIS) &amp; as Faculty &amp; VP @ Lacanian School of Psychoanalysis (LSP).','4086377869');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(64,73227,'Karen Otte','Are you feeling stuck, lost, depressed or anxious? Are you asking yourself, "Is this as good as it gets?" I specialize in helping people become clearer about what really matters to them. Together we can try to understand what keeps you from moving ahead to creating a vital, passionate life. My style is collaborative - warm and interactive, yet also honest and straightforward. Let''s help you create the life you''ve always wanted. I also see lots of couples. Are you asking, "What''s keeping us from being more intimate?" Maybe you''re struggling with your differences and having a hard time understanding one another or getting through to one another. Let''s help you translate one another''s languages/develop new patterns. I believe that we are shaped by and tend to repeat early experiences. Like tapes running through our minds, these patterns are hard to shake. But we won''t just talk about the past. We will also focus on practical changes that can help improve your life and your relationships.','6504097643');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(65,109184,'Katherine Hohbach','I welcome working with a wide range of life challenges such as PTSD, grief and loss, surviving childhood abuse, addiction, relationship issues, anxiety, phobias, fear of public speaking, depression, crisis situations, parenting teens of all ages, and young teens. I often use EMDR to resolve traumas, whether it is a one time trauma or long standing. EMDR is an evidence based intervention with an 80 to 90% success rate of moving unresolved problems into long term memory. My treatment approach is to listen, interact with you, and support you in your present situation. Getting back on track with a sense of self, a pocket of tools, and feeling empowered. Besides being Certified in EMDR, I am steeped in psychodynamic theory and trained in Somatic Experiencing. For the past 12 years I''ve worked extensively in Silicon Valley at schools, hospital, intensive outpatient treatment, clinics, and agencies. It is an honor and privilege to be invited on your journey toward change.','6507310464');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(66,285100,'Adina Glickman','With over 25 years of experience as a therapist and academic skills coach at Stanford University, I help people develop the strategies and skills needed to achieve their personal, professional, and intellectual goals. I work with adults over 18 and do not accept insurance. Living and working in one of the most expensive and well-educated places in the country brings significant stressors. Having a happy, stable, successful, and enjoyable life is not easy. I help people develop goals and make the changes needed to bring together these essential elements to yield a life well-lived.','6505626096');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(67,111927,'Steve McGraw','Do you find yourself busier than ever but lacking a sense of depth, meaning, and connection in your life? I specialize in helping professionals like you through life transitions, such as midlife re-evaluations and relationship/career changes. I work with you to rebalance life''s priorities and to discover new areas of meaning and purpose. We''ll work together to reconnect you with the things you feel you''ve lost touch with: a felt connection to your body and soul, real intimacy with your loved-ones, access to your creativity, and a lively connection with your hopes and dreams. I help you identify habits and patterns that interfere with getting the most out of your life, so that you can get back to what is essential. I offer specific resources and tools for becoming more present, grounded and connected with yourself, your loved-ones, and your sense of purpose. I''m warm, engaging and down-to-earth. People tell me that I have a calming, soothing, grounding presence. Although I''m interactive and will tell you what I think, I also hold the space and slow things down so that you can really sense inside and listen to yourself.','6507310710');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(68,231677,'Ben Seider','I provide psychotherapy for individuals (children, adolescents, and adults), couples and families. I help individuals who are experiencing difficulties with anxiety, mood, problems with relationships, and various addictions. I work from a client-centered perspective that is both integrative, collaborative, and recovery-based (i.e., incorporates client''s strengths as opposed to solely focusing on negatives or pathology). As such, I am able to draw upon my expertise in Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT), Dialectical-Behavioral Therapy (DBT), and Couples and Family Therapy to flexibly design treatment to meet the specific needs of my clients. When working with children/adolescents I consider developmental stage, cognitive ability, family and environment to better understand how therapeutic issues contribute to the child''s struggles. I believe engaging with children and adolescents authentically and personally is essential for them to feel willing to be open to the therapeutic process. A commitment to innovative techniques, evidenced-based practices and scientific rigor was foundational in my training at UC Berkeley. I integrate that training with the real world understanding gained through life experience and clinical practice. My recognition that people are multifaceted and nuanced is essential to my practice.','4157797332');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(69,60795,'Ilene Diamond','Struggling with anxiety, depression, substance use or other self-defeating behaviors? Challenged by work, relationship or family issues? Concerned about your own or your teen''s mood, judgment, behavior? Executive stress? General overwhelm? Therapy provides a safe space for processing thoughts and feelings, and for exploring different ways of being. Whatever your concerns, we''ll work together to help you feel better. My style is warm and collaborative, with a sense of humor. Our work can develop your strengths &amp; self-confidence &amp; help you feel more comfortable in your own skin, leading to a greater sense of vitality and peace of mind. I enjoy working with teens/tweens, gifted adolescents, couples, students, recent grads, entrepreneurs, tech workers and with men interested in developing their emotional intelligence and improving their relationships. Physicians and attorneys have high rates of psychological distress. Therapy can make your work in these demanding professions more sustainable and rewarding. Before becoming a psychologist, I worked as a lawyer. I''ve also worked as an educator, and I am an experienced mediator. Some clients find my familiarity with career transitions and the worlds of business, law, and education enhances our work. LGBT friendly. Substance abuse expertise. Executives; entrepreneurs. Conflict resolution.','4158201508');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(70,96680,'Barbara Cohen','My training in a diverse set of approaches to counseling and therapy provides me with a suite of tools to use in our relationship in the best way to help you achieve your goals. I deal with you as a whole person, in the context of your history, relationships &amp; present life. I work with a wide population of individuals, couples and groups. I have a lifetime of experience and a suite of skills from which to draw in order to work with you in the most appropriate and effective manner helping you achieve your goals in life. RELATIONSHIPS... Life is all about relationships and how we deal with them. When we have negative life experiences from the past we bring the end results of those experiences into our current relationships. Hence, our work together is to identify and convert dysfunctional behaviors into more positive and appropriate behaviors. Having lived abroad in several countries and having lived in the Silicon Valley for over 30 years, I bring a multi-cultural perspective to all my encounters. I work with my clients in a healing partnership, customizing my approaches for their particular needs and abilities.','6504926743');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(71,116837,'Zoe Mount','I have been a licensed therapist since 2004. I work primarily with adolescents and their families, as well as with adults. I have a great deal of experience working with teens and their families around issues such as chore compliance, school refusal, and helping teens begin the process of picking and apllying for college. I work well with tweens (12-14) and teens (14-18) and am comfortable working with the family as a whole, to resolve issues such as curfew, chores and ''general attitude'' or with just the teen to offer a place for the venting of feelings and sorting out the many challenges and changes facing teens. I have worked with teens since my internship, in 20000. I am vey comfortable with this unique population who present a special set of needs and sills.','6508307478');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(72,253995,'Karlie Thompson','Life can sometimes becomes overwhelming for teens and their families. Young people can struggle with a variety of social, emotional, and cognitive difficulties that cause a great deal of pain for the entire family. My goal is to connect with struggling teens by offering support and teaching coping strategies to manage their stress and help them create a life worth living. An important part of this process includes offering support to parents who are feeling lost and shut out. I teach teens and parents to effectively communicate by learning to negotiate and balance the wants/needs of all family members. I am trained in evidenced-based treatment approaches, including Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) and Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT). I specialize in the treatment of Mood Disorders (Anxiety, Depression, Bipolar Disorder), Autism Spectrum Disorders (PDD-NOS, Asperger''s, High Functioning Autism), ADHD, and oppositional and behavioral issues with adolescents. I also offer Equine Therapy to individuals and families, and I currently have a waiting list for my Teen Emotional Support Group that focuses on providing teens the opportunity to receive support form their peers and teaches emotional management and life skills.','4154232543');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(73,208935,'Shani Robins','Our relationships, work, and health can be stressful or fulfilling. There are specific, practical, empirically proven methods for increasing happiness, success, and well being and significantly reducing anger, anxiety, stress, job loss, relationship conflicts, and hypertension. Over 15 years of clinical experience in bringing together best practices that work! I also teach Stanford University''s courses in Wisdom, Emotional Intelligence, Career Development, and related Research regarding the best and most practical methods for effectively reducing anger, anxiety, and stress, and significantly improving personal and professional relationships, health &amp; well being, and professional goals and success. I am an instructor at Stanford University and the Director of the Wisdom Therapy Institute in Palo Alto and also the University Director of the Ph.D. Clinical Training that integrates best practices from western psychological science (Emotional Intelligence &amp; Cognitive Behavioral Therapy) and eastern traditions (Mindfulness Meditation, Empathy, Compassion, &amp; Humility). I find that the combination of both having a private practice as well as teaching and training the next generation of clinicians enables me to stay on top of both the latest clinical techniques as well as the latest research. Teaching at Stanford is wonderful in working with great people.','6508305041');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(74,180739,'Carol Campbell','Looking for some relief from the trouble life has sent your way? Talking with an experienced and highly respected MFT like me could be very helpful. I am good at listening to help folks who are depressed, anxious, worried, confused, guilty, or just overwhelmed by circumstances. I work with adults and couples. Many of my patients are therapists themselves, which I take as a big vote of trust and confidence. I think you will find me to be sensitive, compassionate, intelligent, and full of conviction about how therapy can make lives better. My graduate degree is in marriage and family counseling. I also have had extensive and intensive training in psychoanalytic theory, which is particularly helpful when the patient''s difficulties are of a long term nature. I welcome LGBT patients and families, and people struggling with the challenges of parenting.','6504222349');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(75,37069,'Maris Smith','A former client wrote to me: "Your care and guidance far exceeded any expectations I thought were possible from therapy. You exposed the skeleton of my m.o., showed me how to understand it and gave me the tools to grow instead of wilt. Thank you." I have over 26 years of post-license professional experience working with a broad range of issues and clientele. The most common problems that my clients present are depression, anxiety, relationship issues, and work issues. I also work with gay and lesbian clients, as well as Spanish-speaking clients. I use a variety of techniques to enable my clients to heal themselves and respond differently to their world: cognitive behavioral techniques, gestalt exercises, and inner child work. I am very active during sessions providing feedback, guiding verbal/emotional exercises, giving reading referrals, and assigning homework. I sometimes use my sense of humor to enable clients to get another, lighter perspective on their problems. I help them acknowledge their thoughts and beliefs out loud, which allows them to realize how they may have been unintentionally hurting themselves.','6502496317');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(76,51530,'Athena Robinson','I work with adults and teens who are coping with eating disorders, relationship issues, emotion dysregulation, depression, and anxiety. I''m well-trained and certified in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Interpersonal Psychotherapy, and Family Based Therapy for adolescent eating disorders. Mindfulness practice is often integrated into therapy. Therapy is tailored to a client''s needs and goals, and is provided in a supportive and collaborative environment. I specialize in the treatment of all eating disorders and work with your treatment team (psychiatrist, medical oversight doctor, dietician) to provide comprehensive, well-rounded care. I also have extensive experience in working with many individuals on their interpersonal concerns, improving interpersonal communication skills, and general emotion management + distress tolerance techniques. Therapy is a time to explore a client''s presenting concerns and for a therapist &amp; client to work together towards the client''s goals. Integrating empirically supported treatments, empathy, collaboration, validation, and teaching skills for change facilitate reaching the quality of life a client is seeking.','6508321397');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(77,77802,'Richard Abbey','I am a neuropsychologist specializing in assessment and interventions for learning differences, attention, executive functioning, autism spectrum, mood, and stress. If you are having trouble pinpointing what is causing the struggle, and would like to learn about solutions that work, I can help. The process begins with an accurate and comprehensive assessment in which I use the latest research and technology. Sometimes my clients have had previous evaluations which have failed to address pressing concerns. I continue to work with individuals until the underlying cause of their struggles are identified; sparing no expense on the latest technology, My evaluations are comprehensive. The process begins with discussing your concerns in detail. You will be greeted by a warm and friendly staff. My goal is to provide assessments that are both informative and FUN! Many children report wanting to return because they enjoy the activities and the individualized attention. I offer a profile of individual strengths and weaknesses from which I provide comprehensive recommendations. You will know what to do at home and at school and will learn about evidenced-based interventions to improve functioning, such as Cogmed, QEEG (Brain Mapping), neurofeedback, counseling, and executive functioning coaching.','6504097640');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(78,258797,'Palo Alto Therapy','Is anxiety or social confidence holding you back? Are you feeling worn down by worry and stress? Do you want to feel happier? When you meet with one of our anxiety therapists you''ll be put at ease and be given the tools that can improve your life, whether it be anxiety, excessive worry, OCD, sadness, depression, or general stress. Our therapy is not traditional talk therapy and is focused and results oriented. We use Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to provide lasting results. Contact us to make an appointment. Our cognitive behavioral therapists specialize in helping you overcome anxiety problems. We will teach you the skills to reduce anxiety, OCD, social shyness, or stress and provide tools to help you find enjoyment in life. Review our website to learn more about how we can help you. We have successfully helped many people with anxiety &amp; depression, often rather quickly. Choosing knowledgeable, experienced, and active therapists can make all the difference. We specialize in CBT or Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and in helping our clients overcome anxiety problems. Call us for an appointment or for a free phone consultation.','6505177336');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(79,246620,'Mabel Yiu','Stuck in anxiety, depression and unhappy relationships? You may find yourself feeling down, overwhelmed; over-thinking; and doubting if you would ever feel joy. You are not alone. It is POSSIBLE to feel better so you can have the relationships, career and the life that you want. I help women and teenage girls laugh more often, feel more optimistic, gain confidence, have deeper relationships, be more at ease, and be their authentic selves. While nobody''s life is completely worry-free, anxiety and depression can be managed and it doesn''t have to control your whole life. You don''t have to suffer or figure this out on your own. I have devoted my professional life to help clients get unstuck in a safe and compassionate environment. Don''t wait another day. Call me today! You can watch my introduction video at http://womenstherapyinstitute.com/','6505572678');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(80,154109,'Jeff Clark','It has been over 30 years of helping families, adolescents and children. There have been hundreds of family members enjoying better lives and better relationships. You can, too! Give me a call or set up an appointment and lets start figuring out the right direction and getting past the things that are in the way to help you have the best years of your life! Trained in Family Therapy, Narrative Therapy and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and after years of helping couples, individuals and families I am in a fairly unique position to help you.','6502411720');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(81,102747,'Julie Gerhardt','Life presents us with many joys and sorrows, risks and opportunities. Our histories and fears mold our choices and can prevent us from achieving our life goals. My clients consist of professional adults and couples who seek psychotherapy, professional counseling and/or coaching. I work with people with a variety of emotional difficulties: isolation, depression, anxiety, PTSD, trauma and crisis. Often they have lost, or fear the loss of, a meaningful relationship, or feel despair about ever finding a loving partner. Other clients feel frustrated with their careers or harbor hidden resentments due to the success of others. I also work with people who feel unable to pursue their creative - professional projects or refrain from self-destructive behaviors. Some people need a more positive coaching approach to develop tools to help them move forward. Therapy involves, in part, a journey into the life of buried feelings and beliefs about self and others. I offer an empathic, integrative approach grounded in the attempt to clarify and work through internal issues keeping a person stuck while also focusing on roadblocks in the present. My hope is that by the end of therapy, clients will feel more satisfied with their lives and will be able to problem-solve future difficulties.','6502624719');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(82,93500,'Mary Bibb','We will work together to empower you to overcome depression, anxiety, unwanted habits (procrastination, overeating, smoking, etc.), grief, cancer stress, or to improve difficult relationships at home or at work. As an experienced Board Certified Psychiatrist, I provide confidential, respectful, caring therapy for adults, using evidence-based treatments including Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT), Brief Psychodynamic therapy, or Hypnosis (for smoking and weight loss). My experience of caring for hundreds of patients over the years has shown me that each of you brings something special and wonderful, even when you feel frightened, "worthless," "inadequate," powerless or angry. Cognitive therapy helps us see how negative thoughts can cause uncomfortable feelings. Psychodynamic therapy helps us understand how those thoughts developed. Throughout the years, I have taught psychiatry skills to psychiatry residents and continue to update my skills regularly. I am currently studying and leading groups in Cognitive Therapy/TEAM at Stanford University in one of the classes taught by David Burns, MD','6503186445');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(83,177709,'Jayn.Org ','Offices in Palo Alto, Oakland and SF. Jayn believes that therapy does not have to be an arduous process. It should be fun when it''s filled with an eagerness on the clients'' end to get over the hurdle that they are currently facing. Therapy is extremely focused and in most cases, clients are able to discharge from therapy within 3-6 months, especially if it''s a life transition problem. Some clients are in treatment for a longer period, due to severe trauma, abuse or mental health symptoms, attached to the roadblocks faced. Clients like the idea of going to a neutral place, weekly and unloading i.e. to get things out of their system. They like brainstorming on ideas, listening to themselves think verbally, having the therapist play devil''s advocate, working on strategies, life skills and looking at repetitive behavioral patterns. Other clients report that they enjoy an on-going weekly sessions, as it gives them a place to take care of their emotional needs, so that they do not burden their friends and family members with issues. This allows them to be there emotionally and physically for their loved ones.','6507271761');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(84,80888,'Robin Mullery','I specialize in working with individual adult men and women going through a wide range of emotional and relationship difficulties including: * depression * anxiety * stress * relationship problems * low self-esteem * complicated grief * life transitions * feeling stuck * the pain and complication of growing up in a challenging parent/child relationship * I take an active role in looking at what is going on for you, providing support and insight to help resolve current issues and historical patterns.I provide an environment of acceptance, respect, and openness in which we can work together to resolve your difficulties and make life more enjoyable.','6502823990');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(85,230505,'Erika Mozer','Finding a good fit with a behavioral health practitioner can be invaluable. Psychotherapy and neuropsychological evaluation are an investment of time, energy, and resources. Our work together may mean identifying a problem, finding steps to move forward, gaining awareness and understanding, managing a new situation, or any number of different things for different people. My experience includes work with patients and their family members and clinical research. My past work and training affiliations include: Stanford, UCSF Memory and Aging Center, Palo Alto and Menlo Park VA''s, Kaiser Permanente, Kingsbrook Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York, and the University of Colorado Hospital. Our work together is a collaborative effort; things can get better. I am a licensed clinical psychologist offering Psychotherapy, Neuropsychological Evaluation, and Compensatory Strategies following Neuropsychological Evaluation. The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change." --Carl R. Rogers','6507279609');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(86,79473,'Abby Haile','"The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it." ~C.C. Scott. We all go through challenges in life, and at times they can seem bigger than our ability to manage. In therapy, we can work together to cultivate the life you want through reducing the grip of depression, anxiety, and stress; healing from grief, loss, past abuse or trauma; overcoming addictions; developing effective coping skills; improving relationships; enhancing self-esteem, and building on your personal strengths. I want to help you to engage with life more fully and to support you in pursuing what you value most. I work with adolescents and adults who are experiencing depression, anxiety, grief, and relationship problems. I also enjoy working with couples and families. I have a particular interest and specialty in helping people recover from traumatic experiences. I completed my graduate clinical training at Stanford University, Palo Alto VA, and UCSF. I draw from treatments that are supported by research and combine those treatments with an approach tailored to meet the specific needs of each individual. I enjoy my work very much and would be honored to support you on your journey.','6506465541');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(87,218928,'Lisa Talbot','I view therapy as an opportunity for individuals to enhance their overall well-being and engagement with their lives. I create a warm and safe environment and work collaboratively with clients, taking a holistic approach. I have specific expertise in treating insomnia, anxiety, and depression. I am also passionate about working with families of children with special needs. I practice evidence-based psychotherapy, drawing from models including Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, and Dialectical Behavior Therapy. Within the context of a strong therapist-client relationship, I help individuals to develop goals, consistently move toward these goals, and track progress. I trained at Stanford University; the University of California, Berkeley; and the University of California, San Francisco. I am involved in ongoing research in the Department of Psychiatry at Stanford University in sleep and autism. I am delighted to be part of Peninsula Behavioral Health, a center focused on evidence-based treatments. Please visit our website to learn more about me and our approach: www.penbh.com.','6504407573');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(88,68824,'Jacqui Gerritsen','Are your worried about your teenager? Are they making the wrong choices about friends, activities, and school? Are your efforts to help being repeatedly sabatoged by them? Get help for you and your family. I use a both a family systems model and well as a supportive, humanistic approach to family counseling. With over 11 years of experience working with children, teens and families. I would like to help you and your family improve your communication and have a more peaceful home life. Please call, I can help.','6502097987');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(89,120795,'Laura King','Life can present us with overwhelming challenges. Perhaps you have struggled with anxiety, fear, sadness, loneliness, difficulties in relationships, or lack of life satisfaction for a long time. Or, you may be experiencing these things for the first time. Whatever has led you here, seeking help and support is a positive and effective response to reducing your suffering. Finding a safe and collaborative place to explore and address what is troubling you is the first step in healing. I am a licensed clinical psychologist, trained to provide you with guidance and support as you resolve the challenges in your life. Working collaboratively with you, I will create a treatment plan that is uniquely designed to effectively address your specific challenges. I use a variety of research-supported therapies such as CBT, Psychodynamic, and Interpersonal techniques to help you come to new perspectives and insights, and to learn new skills and ways of coping, so that you can feel better, have better relationships, and lead a more fulfilling life.','6505540230');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(90,138102,'Sarah Tachibana ','As my client, I believe that you have an innate potential for growth and transformation. When at an impasse, new perspectives and resources are needed to restore balance within oneself and in relation to others. As a warm, interactive psychotherapist, I provide the experience, guidance, and skill that foster insight, transformation and growth. You will be provided a safe place where you will be supported to find and use your strengths. Together, we will develop tools to work through obstacles. It''s time to get unstuck and to live in the moment, where you can accomplish your goals and be your true self.','6505138208');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(91,250695,'Beth Hill','I am an Educational Therapist/Learning Specialist who focuses on individualized instruction using research-based methods. My programming includes customized, multi-sensory instruction to address gaps and build independence by teaching children long-term strategies for learning. Children are actively engaged in creating objectives and enjoying success with measurable growth. I am a highly motivating, child-centered educator committed to a team-based approach to learning. I work with students who have needs related to learning disabilities, learning differences, AD/HD, dyslexia and executive functioning. I provide support in the following areas: Mathematics (computation, concepts, word problems); Reading (dyslexia, decoding, comprehension); Writing; Executive Functioning (organization, time management, project completion, study/test taking skills); and AD/HD.','6504379486');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(92,172217,'Dudley Luke','With training from top national universities and experience at well known agencies, I have effectively treated individuals with anxiety, mood disorder, and ADHD. As well, having worked at the Regional Center for the past 8 years, I have gained extensive knowledge and experience in my work with individuals on the Autism Spectrum, including Aspergers Syndrome. I work therapeutically with children (10 year old and older), adolescents, and young adults. I conduct psycho-educational and psycho-diagnostic assessments as well as comprehensive Autism Spectrum assessments with children ( 6 years old and older), adolescents, and adults. I received my clinical training at Columbia University in NY and performed by internship at RAMS, an accredited site in San Francisco. My PhD in Social Cognition and Decision Making from University of Chicago enhances my clinical work with people on the spectrum by focusing on how people perceive, understand, and behave in social situations. My Masters in Education from Harvard informs my clinical work with children and young adults, who are experiencing academic problems, in psycho-educational assessment, diagnosis, treatment, and recommendations . Contact me for a free consultation either in person or by phone.','6506562769');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(93,95884,'Christy Telch','Life''s problems can feel much more difficult when faced alone. Perhaps you are struggling with a painful loss, are overwhelmed by fear, anger, loneliness or depression. You may be stuck in patterns of negative, self-critical thinking and inner pressure may cause you to feel tense and exhausted. You may feel shame and hopelessness and your means of coping such as avoidance, procrastination, withdrawal or overeating adds to your distress. I help people struggling with anxiety, panic, depression, phobias, eating issues, and relationship distress to understand these problems and develop skills to feel better and create happier lives. We will focus on the changes you desire. Generally therapy aims to alleviate suffering and improve quality of life. Therapy can help you feel better by improving self-understanding, changing problematic thinking and behavior patterns, developing skills to manage painful emotions, generate positive emotions and nurture qualities such as compassion. We will consider several different treatment approaches in our work together. I typically integrate methods from a variety of research-supported therapies including cognitive behavior therapy, dialectical behavior therapy and psychodynamic psychotherapy. Many people find the mindfulness meditation, emotion regulation and exposure therapy skills I teach to be particularly helpful.','6503231637');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(94,41078,'Eval Gal-Oz','My practice provides caring and sensitive treatment for mental, emotional and behavioral problems. My approach draws upon many years of extensive experience. It builds upon each patient''s strengths, while improving interpersonal and emotional skills. My therapy is personalized, recognizing that each patient is a unique individual with his or her own very personal history and issues. My goal is to use psychotherapy to guide patients in achieving an awareness and understanding the sources of their psychological problems, and then work through those problems so they can feel better about themselves and lead healthier and happier lives. I use psychodynamic/psychoanalytic method of treatment that achieves a better self-understanding of one''s mental life, and leads to psychological health. This method considers both conscious and unconscious levels, and recognizes that childhood events have a powerful influence throughout life. I have extensive experience in helping patients deal with a wide range of psychological and interpersonal problems, with a special focus on depression, anxiety, relationship and intimacy issues, bereavement/grief counseling. I also specialize in eating disorders and weight loss, aided by research work done at Stanford University.','6506030864');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(95,42249,'Norman Freed','Individually tailored treatment for mild and serious problems, often those that have been difficult to treat, using cognitive-behavioral means and a traditional psychotherapeutic format. Private practice; Stanford University Adjunct Clinical Faculty; Associate Editor, Psychological Reports.','6509184649');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(96,68987,'Elena Makarova-Kudelin','Each individual''s or couple''s stress is unique. Many people come to me after realizing that their highly successful careers, achievements, and even life wisdoms didn''t make them immune to all complexities of life and relationships. I help to resolve stress by helping you to find a set of highly individualized coping strategies. You will get a compassionate listener and a well-researched therapy approach with useful tools to reduce distress, get rid of depressive feelings, or excel in relationship skills. Most of clients get a relief and hope right in the beginning of our work. I specialise in relationship problems, depression, anxiety, and couples therapy for high-conflict couples (review the Testimonials section on the website). I am committed to high-quality therapy approaches based on 10-year long clinical experience in SF Bay Area. Currently I co-chair SFCP Clinical Forum @ Stanford Medical School. Suffering from chronic stress, longstanding trauma, or relationship inefficacy can become an all-consuming condition. We can help in resolving those and starting a new chapter in your life! Call (650) 266-8212 today to learn how I can help you.','6502097846');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(97,169317,'Angela Wu','I specialize in working with couples, families with child and adolescent problems. I have a holistic approach towards therapy in order to cater to the individual''s needs. My treatment modalities include family therapy, play therapy, marriage counseling, cognitive remediation, solution-oriented interventions, parent guidance and school consultation. My work with children and adolescents often involves collaboration with parents, teachers and other supporting professionals. My clinical experiences focus on helping clients to deal with situational difficulties, such as academic and behavioral issues, anxiety, depression, self-harm, procrastination, divorce, coping mechanism, bullying, adjustments, family-parents relationship issues, friends issues and sibling issues, adoption, parental illness, blended families, and transitions to high school or college. My goal is to regain and strengthen clients'' development and maturational progress. I believe we all do the best we can considering the context we live in and the nature of relationships. Respect, dignity, and hope are at the heart of my work with people. I povide services in English and Mandarin.','6504614955');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(98,282969,'Katherine Warner','I help adolescents and parents navigate the trickiest years of development with patience, love, connection, and support. Parents, have you ever wondered, "Where is my map?" Do you sometimes feel like you''re totally winging it? Do you argue with your partner about parenting styles? Are you single parenting and feeling overwhelmed? Do you struggle to set and maintain limits? Teens, do you find yourself feeling anxious, depressed, or overwhelmed with school? Do you immerse yourself in other activities to avoid time with family? Do you feel a sense of loneliness and isolation? Many families struggle in these areas with little support. As a parent, educator, therapist, and retreat facilitator, I offer a variety of insights and approaches. I guide clients towards authentic expression and personal empowerment. I work with behavioral challenges, OCD, depression, anxiety, highly sensitive, spirituality, at-risk, LGBTQI, grief and loss, and drug and alcohol abuse and dependency. I see individuals, couples, and families. I am passionate about helping people feel a greater sense of connection and meaning in their lives, and I utilize evidenced based interventions and practices to achieve this goal. My style is warm, direct, humorous, playful, curious, and empathetic.','6506676724');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(99,175338,'Gina Pfeifle','I am a neuropsychologist with specialized training in pediatrics. Do you have a child who is struggling to learn, has difficulty paying attention in class, or takes hours to complete their homework? Do you wonder what is causing these difficulties? These are typical concerns brought to me by parents and we can work together to find the root of your child''s difficulty. My evaluations are comprehensive, research-based, and individualized for your family. I work with families that have children with ADHD, autism, learning disabilities, executive functioning weaknesses, and emotional concerns. A typical evaluation begins with a thorough interview. We will determine what your primary concerns are and what goals you have for the evaluation. Then, I will work directly with your child to complete a comprehensive evaluation of their strengths and weaknesses. The result of the evaluation is answers about your child''s functioning and the next steps you can take to make things better! Our clinic is unique in the range of services we offer from initial diagnosis to evidence-based treatments to address any weaknesses we find.','6504584969');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(100,187335,'Jana Emerson','I am a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist and Registered Art Therapist, who works with adolescents, adults and families. I am dedicated to assisting individuals reach their true potential by using an empathetic, collaborative and solution driven format. I will work to help you identify the problems that are preventing you from being the person you want to be, and I will help you face life''s challenges in a more productive way. I also find that using art can enhance the process. Special interested include anxiety, compulsive behavior, depression, habits and addictions, and relationships. Modalities I often use are a variant of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (or CBT) and Solution Focused Therapy. In many cases, a person''s mood is directly linked to their thought process and internal dialogue. Empirically based methods can help to change negative thought patterns that are keeping us stuck in a negative mindset.','6503183809');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(101,54016,'Been There-Adoption Counseling','Do you find yourself parenting a child who is acting out? Are you feeling frustrated and don''t know where to turn? As an Adoption Therapist and Adoptive Mom I realized that traditional parenting did not work. I was frustrated, exhausted, confused and felt judged by others. I truly understand what you are going through. Eventually through experience, classes and workshops I learned how to be more sucessful. Now I work with parents like you to pass on what I have learned. An abundance of research has been conducted recently on children who act out due to neglect and abuse prior to adoption. Researchers discovered that chemical changes in these childrens''s brains keep their levels of stress high. This can lead to many negative behavioral issues, challenging us as parents. Relational therrapy has been found to be one of the most effective therapies for early childhood trauma. Your relationship with your child is your most powerful tool for change. I can teach you how to help heal your child through your relationship. Our children are out best teachers.','4086415578');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(102,187992,'Elizabeth Biggart','A seasoned psychotherapist with a strong appreciation for how difficult change can be, my approach is straightforward, compassionate, tinged with humor, and terribly reliant upon our ability to form a collaborative partnership. If you are reading this then something is not working for you, some aspect of your life is disappointing or dissatisfying and you have likely exhausted your own efforts to resolve things independently. You may feel baffled as to why the same patterns of interpersonal problems are happening again. We would work together to untangle the confusing desires that can contribute to unsatisfying relationships, depression and anxiety. My approach is extremely practical and focused on what is causing you distress today, while assuming that problematic behaviors are driven, at least in part, by unconscious processes that we can understand. My practice is composed of individual psychotherapy and psychoanalysis with adults and adolescents experiencing depression, anxiety and or interpersonal difficulties. Areas of particular interest and expertise are mid-life transitions, or the mired and stuck inability to transition forward, menopause, and the turbulence of adolescent.','6505572679');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(103,251620,'Jenny Abouav','I can appreciate that different stages of life bring different challenges, and see my role as both a witness and a guide for my client''s process. I would describe my style as that of an empathic listener, who is supportive while also challenging my clients to help them reach their personal goals. By supporting my clients with EMDR therapy, I believe I can help them pursue the resolution and personal growth they are seeking. My goal is to help my clients move beyond just surviving, and into a space of thriving. Additionally, I have a strong background in developmental disorders and supporting families with developmentally delayed children.','6506562638');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(104,152640,'Rachael Little','I work with both children and adults providing different forms of cognitive training for learning disabilities, ADHD, executive function deficits, anxiety, depression, stress management, head injury, and peak performance. By using a variety of methods such as neurofeedback, peripheral biofeedback, and brain training methods for learning such as Cogmed Working Memory Training and PACE cognitive enhancement, I am able to help both students and professionals strengthen their cognitive abilities and reach their goals. Neurofeedback is a way to train the brain to higher levels of functioning using EEG technology and fun interactive games. I practice several forms of neurofeedback, including Z-Score training, 19 channel LORETA feedback, and LENS neurofeedback.','6502764246');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(105,204939,'Jill Cooper','Are you, or your child/teen, feeling stressed, anxious, depressed, or generally unsatisfied with life? Maybe you have experienced a trauma, or are grieving a loss? These difficulties can affect relationships, school, work, and overall well-being. Is your child or teen irritable, isolating, acting out, or self-harming? Children and teens may withdraw, or act out, when they are suffering emotionally. It can feel overwhelming, but people are resilient, and there are solutions. As a therapist, I use evidence based methods to facilitate healing, teach coping skills, and help children, teens, and young adults reach their inherent potential. I have 8 years experience providing therapy to children, teens, and young adults in various settings. I specialize in stress, anxiety, depression, grief, trauma, and eating disorders. I am an experienced and empathic therapist; I do not just listen and nod. I will collaboratively work with you to find solutions. Contact me today for a free telephone consultation to find out how I can help you. I have daytime, evening, and Saturday appointments available. I offer reduced fee appointments for those with financial need. I return all messages within 24 hours. I look forward to talking with you.','6502739968');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(106,262190,'Megan McConnell','I provide comprehensive psychological assessments, therapy, consultation and neurotherapy for children, adolescents and their families at Abbey Neuropsychology Clinic. I am a strong advocate for families and offer a supportive, nurturing and flexible approach throughout the assessment and treatment process. I am passionate about working closely with caregivers in addressing a wide range of behavioral or emotional difficulties that their child may be experiencing. I utilize a variety of research-based techniques, tailored to the child and family''s needs. I have extensive training and experience working with families from different cultures/ethnicities in a variety of settings. In my work with families, I have expertise in parent coaching and providing parent-child relationship services as well as assisting caregivers and their children in coping with difficult life experiences. I find this work very enriching as one of my goals is having parents feel more empowered to both strengthen their relationship with their child and bring about positive behavior change.','6507271134');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(107,72363,'Gloria Kardong','I am a psychiatrist providing psychotherapy and/or psychopharmacology, depending on the client''s needs. I believe that it is important to offer individualized care based on the client''s specific problems, concerns and preferences. My style is warm, collaborative and interactive. I can help with a practical, solution-focused approach for current problems. I also do exploratory therapy to address unresolved issues from the past that may be interfering with living your life as fully as possible. My clients also seek depth therapy to promote personal growth, insight and self-awareness. I treat all general psychiatric problems for men, women, adolescents, individuals and couples. In addition, I have a specialty in Women''s Health Care. This includes pregnancy and postpartum- related problems, infertility, gynecologic oncology, menopause, PMS and other hormonal issues, childhood sexual abuse, weight, eating disorders, sexuality and relationships. I also provide services for impaired professionals-- physicians, attorneys, mental health providers, executives and other professionals. When medications are advisable, I will explain mechanism, risks/benefits and answer your questions. I also communicate with your other medical/mental health care providers to enhance the coordination and integration of your care.','6503299465');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(108,92627,'Nina Poletika','I know that sometimes there are confusing and difficult periods in anyone''s life when a person may find that he or she needs support/help from someone other than their friends or family. At these times, it can be a strange process to seek such assistance from a virtual stranger. In an effort to help you with this process let me share my approach to my work... My experience as a therapist has made me trust that individuals, with the help of another, have the capacity to know themselves better than anyone else can. They can access their own answers/wisdom, and attend to their own wounds. My belief is that people can grow and heal no matter how intense their difficult experiences, defenses, and hurts may be. I see myself as a skilled partner in this internal journey of exploration and emotional resolution. Along with my general practice I specialize in... Depression, Alzheimer''s support, and Grief. I understand and know depression and can sit with a person''s deep pain as they heal. Supporting my own mother, who lives with dementia, I am committed to helping other families with this emotional journey.','6502765441');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(109,240691,'Nancy Trueblood','I am a marriage and family therapist with more than 20 years of experience, with additional training in psychoanalysis, infant development, grief and loss, and the psychological effects of health issues. I find it a privilege to work with people who need relief from their distress; who hope to understand and potentially alleviate their anxiety and suffering, and want to deal more creatively and effectively with the challenges they are facing. My approach is respectful, and attentive. I will work with you to understand what is most deeply true for you about the issue that has brought you to therapy, This understanding requires that we take time to reflect on what you have been thinking and feeling, and what you might find difficult to say. This will help develop greater clarity on what you are experiencing, and new perspective on what might be needed for you now. I am interested in the ways that an individual''s prior experience has shaped who they believe they are, and the manner in which they relate to others. This experience can help you find new ways to meet the existential issues in your life; and find more love and meaning.','6503234533');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(110,203921,'Janet Dafoe','I specialize in ADHD and provide comprehensive services for children with ADHD and their families, with the exception of medication. I offer consultations, therapy for the child, parenting education and help with behavioral issues, group therapy, and interventions in the school. I have training in Special Education Law and can provide information on appropriate accommodations and specialized instruction in special education, whether in a 504 Plan or an Individualized Education Plan (IEP). I attend IEP and 504 Plan school meetings and help ensure that children obtain what they need and are legally entitled to given their particular disability, strengths and weaknesses..','6508521310');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(111,57640,'Anders Greenwood','Ready for a new beginning? Are you or loved ones facing challenges you want to work through in safety and confidence? Reacting to life events with lasting sadness or worry? For better or worse, our experience is shaped by expectations and habits that are maintained by loyalty to important relationships, and by cycles of confirming experience. They affect our happiness, our relationships and the success of our endeavors. Therapy can help. In a safe empathic relationship, unhelpful expectations and habits can be retired, and new habits of relating to life and others can be implicitly learned, or chosen and implemented. From shyness in childhood, my own journey is one of growing inner safety for emotional presence and integration of thought and feeling, with ever less dependence on youthful habits of "emotional survival." With intuition informed by neuroscience research (Physiology Ph.D, Yale, 1995), I enjoy helping others on analogous journeys. I have helped people of many races and ages surmount challenges associated with growing up, parenting, relationships, loss, life changes, trauma, and more genetically influenced conditions. Even when experiences are frustrating, grim or frightening for clients, sharing them in therapy is typically relieving, enlivening and even joyful. Alternatives then become possible.','5103644825');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(112,166652,'David Sitzer','I received my Ph.D. from Alliant University. I have been in private practice as a psychologist since 1993, specializing in helping children, adolescents and adults develop better communication, conflict resolution and family cohesion. I also have extensive work experience with individuals struggling with Autistic spectrum issues and addictions. I provide clinical case consultation to licensed practitioners and clinical supervision to pre-licensed interns. I also offer academic tutoring to students in psychology. I see psychotherapy as a place where trusting relationships develop that promote confidence in life. I help clients thrive in ways that are meaningful to them through a combination of cognitive, emotional, and motivational psychology approaches. I strive to help clients clarify their experiences, since confusion often accompanies psychological problems. I have found that once problems are understandable, anxiety and depression become more manageable. Clients can then identify and correct areas of change. Working in a positive psychological frame is a refreshing approach most people are unaccustomed to experiencing in psychotherapy.','6507204747');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(113,85785,'Brenda Brownlow','Everyone experiences difficult times and I focus on hope and change. I am a licensed psychologist with 13+ years of experience, including working at Stanford University before entering private practice. I take an integrative approach, analyzing each client individually then using the best techniques and skills from cognitive behavioral, DBT, emotion regulation and interpersonal orientations. I am active in the change process and will actively engage you in introspection and change. I believe in warmth, honesty, and colloboration in the process. I also do executive coaching in a business setting, as well as being a team faciliator for corporations related to conflict resolution, team building, and work-life balance. I believe in helping people reach their full potential in all areas of their lives, including personal and professional.','6508439506');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(114,102889,'Diana Barrett','I am trained in the assessment, diagnosis, and treatment of learning, autism spectrum, mood, and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders, across the lifespan. I have worked with children as young as 3 years old and adults as young as 72! People often seek my services secondary to unanswered questions regarding their struggles at school, at home, at work, or socially. Sometimes my clients have had previous evaluations which have failed to address pressing concerns. I pride myself in continuing to work with individuals until the root of their struggles (beyond diagnosis) is uncovered and the appropriate recommendations can be made. I completed my graduate work at the University of Montana, internship at University of Utah Neuropsychiatric Institute and postdoctorate training at Stanford University School of Medicine. I work closely with a team of neuropsychologists and Stanford University psychiatrists to ensure comprehensive and top level care for my clients. I offer evidence based interventions for Executive Functioning and ADHD. The clinic with which I work is the Bay Area''s largest provider of Cogmed (an evidence home based program for working memory and attention). I have specialty training in Motivational Interviewing and Dialectical Behavior Therapy. I am fluent in Italian.','6502273219');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(115,230678,'Amy Keezer','I specialize in working with families, children and teens who are struggling with the day to day challenges of life. When one member of the family is in crises or requiring extra care it can take a toll on the whole system. I have worked with families and children with special needs for over a decade, and I understand how frustrating it can be to find the right kind of help. I''m here to offer practical solutions and support as we work together to achieve positive changes.','7079464172');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(116,105585,'Sedigheh Dokie ','Do you find yourself asking “Should I be worried about this?” in regards with your child? Are you struggling to determine whether your child’s behavior is “normal”, a phase, or something that needs additional support? Is your adolescent’s inability to put his emotional experiences into words resulting in him communicating his inner turmoil through actions (i.e.,arguing, acting out, distancing from you, disengaging with academic responsibilities, etc.). I have a deep passion for working with youth and parents and have had the pleasure of working with children, adolescents, parents, and families from diverse cultural backgrounds and with various stressors since 2006. Experience has taught me over and over again that we all possess an innate drive to concur and flourish even when faced with the most difficult of challenges. I see my job as that of a compassionate ally and guide in you and your loved-one’s journey of growth. I believe that each of us comes to form a sense of self based on our early experiences and the thoughts, emotions, and behaviors ingrained by such experiences. Subsequently, in my work, I try to understand each client by exploring both the internal and external factors that are impacting his/her life.','4088375847');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(117,214257,'Ahmed Khan','I am a Stanford and Emory trained child, adolescent and adult psychiatrist. Each patient of mine is a distinct individual with their own unique life experiences, strengths and challenges. Therefore, I create a specialized treatment plan in a collaborative and respectful manner, providing compassionate and evidence-based psychotherapy and/or pharmacologic management in a warm, supportive environment. I have particular expertise in ADHD, mood disorders, anxiety disorders, eating disorders and Adult ADHD. I am trained, among other therapeutic methods, in Family-Based Therapy for Anorexia Nervosa and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy at Stanford University. I consciously prescribe medications only when suitable and at the safest dosage possible. In most cases, I use my extensive training in various therapies with my patients and have often seen positive results doing this alone or in conjunction with medication. Please call me at (650) 714-7737 or email me at Info@AhmedKhanMD.com for a free consultation. For more information, please visit www.AhmedKhanMD.com. I am an "out of network" provider and do not take insurance. I will provide a courtesy "Superbill" that can be submitted to insurance for a potentially significant reimbursement.','6507147737');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(118,227167,'Laurie Ertley','Is your relationship strained to the point of unbearable? When the anger becomes rage, when the other person avoids you, when the love is hardly visible, it''s time to seek help. This isn''t about "learning to communicate", it''s about working with trauma. Call me for a free consultation to determine how you &amp; loved ones can get out of unhealthy, vicious cycles. (650) 861-1053 If you have suffered betrayal, sexual abuse, or emotional abuse in your intimate relationship, then you might experience: 1) Feeling unsafe in the world (2) Mistrust in your relationship (3) Difficulty concentrating (4) Isolation 5) Rage 6) Self-doubt. These symptoms can be overcome in therapy. Trauma isn''t something from your past, it''s the out of control feelings you''re going through now. Find helpful videos on how to relieve stress and anxiety on my YouTube channel: IndieTherapist.','6504791414');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(119,180050,'Zoe Gillispie','Hello and Welcome! I am a licensed psychologist in private practice in Palo Alto, CA. I have been practicing as a therapist for children, couples, adults, and families since 2002. As a therapist, my goal is to help you focus on your unique strengths in a warm and collaborative setting. I can help individuals, couples, and/or families address parenting concerns, anxiety, depression, relationship challenges, and medical problems. I provide psychotherapy, education, consultation and biofeedback services. I have specialized experience helping individuals with chronic pain and headaches. I also have advanced training in Imago Relationship Therapy, an effective form of couples therapy.','6508263668');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(120,170913,'Amy Tsou','Do you have a brilliant yet unfocused child? Do you worry about your child''s self-esteem? Are you interested in non-medication options for ADHD? If your child is struggling with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Anxiety, Stress-Related Disorders or Depression, I can help. By performing a careful and thorough evaluation, I will work with you and your child to develop an effective plan for living happily with less school stress. I am a licensed clinical psychologist with a specialty in neuropsychological testing for children, adolescents and young adults. I look forward to speaking with you to further discuss how to help your situation. I value compassionate, open and authentic communication.','6507795771');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(121,137387,'Deborah Sloss','Are you feeling stressed and anxious? Do the task of day to day living feel overwhelming? Do you have difficulty making decisions about relationships and career? I may be the right therapist for you. I offer a free 15 minute phone consultation so I can learn more about your issues and concerns and you can determine if my approach fits your needs. I specialize in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) focusing on young adults (milennials) in transition. I have trained extensively in this form of therapy which provides tools and strategies for promoting positive change. Together we can identify and challenge negative thought patterns which are preventing you from reaching your full potential. I also provide coaching and consultation to parents around issues of parenting teens and young adults in an increasingly complex environment.','6502625771');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(122,157317,'Palo Alto Wellness','PLEASE NOTE: WE DO NOT ACCEPT INSURANCE. FEES: See Finances section below. As adjunct faculty at Stanford and Stanford Children''s Hospitals, I am an expert in treating patients with an evidence based, compassionate approach. I also have extensive experience with medication management for eating disorders. I am trained in both Child and Adolescent and Adult Psychiatry from UCSF and Stanford Universities. I have a holistic approach to treating every individual, couple, and family, and am trained in a variety of therapies (CBT, DBT, Supportive) as well as an expert on pharmacologic management for mental illnesses such as depression, anxiety, eating disorders, ADHD, and others. I am a psychiatrist, trained in medicine, psychiatry, and child and adolescent psychiatry. I work confidentially with individuals, children and families to improve mental wellness and life satisfaction. I also provide in depth assessments for patients or other providers. Expert in Mood Disorders, Eating Disorders, ADHD, and Anxiety Disorders. Periodically, I also provide opportunities for group learning and group therapy. Additionally, I work at The Lotus Collaborative and Cielo house in the field of eating disorders.','4155285862');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(123,83647,'Ashley Taggart','I work with individuals seeking to improve emotional well-being, life balance and connection to self and others. I have extensive experience supporting adults, teens and families struggling with anxiety, depression, substance abuse and relational conflict. My approach is warm and collaborative, and I place particular focus on identifying the historical experiences and relationships that shape beliefs and behavior. I work to develop a deep background of their causes and context, understand why they manifest in destructive behavior and/or relational patterns, and then empower you to create healthier associations that make it easier to break these patterns in a safe and constructive manner. Specialty areas include: * Emotional Wellness * Adolescent Behavioral Issues * Family Therapy/Parenting * Anxiety &amp; Mood Disorders * Performance &amp; Productivity * Trauma &amp; Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) * Divorce * Grief &amp; Loss In addition to therapy, I offer personal coaching and development for professionals seeking to strengthen emotional well-being, improve mood, and enhance productivity, focus and performance.','6504407819');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(124,42732,'Renee Burgard','I offer mindfulness-based psychotherapy, with a warm and non-judging approach, for people who are experiencing anxiety, panic, depression, post-traumatic stress, infertility, seizure disorders (including atypical seizures) and people with pain and other chronic medical conditions. Sessions involve mostly talking therapy, and may also include (depending on your needs and interests): breathing &amp; body sensation awareness practices; emotional regulation &amp; distress tolerance training; simple yoga &amp; meditation; and compassion, acceptance, gratitude, and loving-kindness practices; and interactive guided imagery. Psychotherapy, consultation, and/or classes are available, depending on your preferences and needs. Sessions last 55 - 65 minutes. Supervision for clinical LCSW and MFT interns, and mentoring for MBSR instructors are also available, on a limited basis. Academic: Extensive academic training in psychology &amp; neuropsychology, neuroanatomy &amp; neurophysiology, physical &amp; psychological diagnosis; psychological testing training, the psychology of learning; and interdisciplinary studies. Training &amp; Experience: Mindfulness-based psychotherapy/cognitive therapy, integrative and behavioral medicine, brain &amp; spinal cord injury/disability rehabilitation; training trainers; and facilitating educational programs, retreats, and workshops.','6506030499');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(125,277168,'Mali Mann MD','Mali Mann, MD is an adult, adolescent and child psychiatrist and psychoanalyst in Palo Alto and San Francisco California. After finishing her medical school, she finished her residency and child fellowship at University Rochester and Kanas. She also finished a second fellowship at Stanford university, Department of Psychiatry, Child Division. She finished her adult and child psychoanalytic training at San Francisco Center fro Psychoanalysis. She is a faculty member and Training and supervising psychoanalyst, adult and child at SFCP. She is also an adjunct Clinical Professor at Stanford University, School of Medicine. She published "Psychoanalytic Aspect of Assisted reproductive Technology". In my psychotherapy and psychoanalytic practice, I work with parents and children who suffer from early childhood trauma and attachment disorder. I see people who have trouble in their love and work relationship who suffer from inhibition, anxiety and depression as well s neurotic disorder. I work with children in play therapy to help their capacity for emotional development and their relatedness to their love object and social environment.I am interested in adolescent development, motherhood and immigrant mothers.','6507630932');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(126,239541,'Barbara Keller','Licensed Clinical Social Worker experienced in mental health, medical, well care, Work Site EAP Counseling, and business. My practice is solution focused and eclectic: active, direct, compassionate and supportive. I help adults, adolescents, elders, and families navigate life transitions; illness, disability, and wellness, to achieve integrated balance of mind, body and spirit. Therapy is offered for adjustment reactions, anxiety, depression, stress, emotional and mood deregulation disorders. We collaboratively identify core issues and develop treatment plans. I enjoy working with young adults and professionals as a life coach and mentor in educational and employment. I provide consultations, brief and long term services. Complex Care Manager experienced in traditional and integrative medicine from hospital to hospice, a skilled advocate, and negotiator, navigating systems with a creative, entrepreneurial approach to assess, implement, coordinate, monitor delivery of care and resources to address physical, psychosocial, financial and insurance challenges. My approach is comprehensive instead of episodic. Employment settings and consulting contracts include Acute Care Medical and Psychiatric Hospitals, Out Patient Facilities, Clinics, Private Practices in Traditional and Complementary Alternative Medicine (CAM), Internal Medicine, Family Practice, Child Development, Psychiatry and Neurology, Movement Disorders, Nutrition, Osteopathic, Esthetics, Plastic Surgery, Home Care, Hospice, Employee Assistance Programs, and Crisis Care.','6504450655');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(127,60726,'Debra Rojas','Are you Overwhelmed, Frustrated or Sad? Do you ask yourself ''Is this all there is?'' Has a medical diagnosis or an upcoming surgery got you unnerved? If you''re depressed, anxious, angry, grieving, facing divorce, or experiencing family discord, I can help make your life more manageable. When life''s challenges leave you wondering what to do next, I''m available to listen. I provide a comfortable, caring environment where you can express your frustrations and feelings freely and develop an action plan to get your life back on track. Specialties unique to my practice: Relationship issues (divorce, remarriage, blended families, parenting); Hypnotherapy for deep inner healing; Medical Hypnosis (preparing for surgery or managing health related diagnoses); Career testing, (changing careers or college planning); Difficulties in school I offer testing to determine strengths and areas which need development.','6503004180');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(128,203280,'Regina Helena Campos','I specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of individuals, couples and families.With over three decades of clinical experience as a psychologist in Brazil, my home country, and the US, my adopted country, I work with a wide range of emotional and behavioral issues including depression, anxiety, loss, relationship issues, self-esteem, and stress management. One of my expertise is helping individuals going through life transitions.I currently work as a post-doctoral psychological assistant (CA BOP # PSB-94020472) to Emily Lyon, PhD, licensed clinical psychologist (BOP # PSY17540) at Emily Lyon, PhD LLC Clinical Psychology Services in Palo Alto, CA. My therapeutic philosophy integrates complementary methodologies and techniques to offer a highly personalized approach tailored to each person.With compassion and understanding,I work with each individual to help them build on their strengths to attain the personal growth they are committed to accomplishing. My work in community, university and private mental health clinics, state psychiatric hospitals and HMO settings prepared me well to provide expert services to those in need. Being multicultural and multilingual allows me to provide services in Portuguese and Spanish thus adding another layer of comfort to the therapeutic experience.','4157638313');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(129,167886,'Jay Schulz-Heik','It is my pleasure to assist clients as they face challenges, overcome difficulties and move in positive directions. I do so by practicing evidence-based psychotherapy, which means that I am guided by my client''s preferences, clinical theory and the most relevant research. This starts by building a relationship in which you are comfortable discussing your hopes and struggles and by working together to define your goals. Often, some relief can come just from exploring these themes. Beyond this, I integrate methods from various traditions. A core theme of my work is balancing change-based approaches and acceptance/mindfulness-based approaches. Change-based approaches may include helping you come to new ways of understanding your challenges and experimenting with new behaviors. Acceptance and mindfulness-based approaches may involve becoming more aware of your experiences and patterns, relinquishing unproductive struggles, and freeing yourself to make different choices. I work closely with fellow psychologists at Peninsula Behavioral Health, a center focused on evidence-based therapy. I invite you to find out more about me and our approach at www.penbh.com/jay-schulz-heik-phd.html.','6504270819');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(130,40912,'Vinh Thai','Perhaps a significant relationship is not working well. Perhaps you are having difficulty finding a mate. Perhaps you are having difficulty achieving the goals of your career. You may feel depressed, fearful, or angry. You may feel disengaged, distracted, or unmotivated. You have tried the self-help books. You might have sought advice from other psychotherapists. Yet, you have not been able to take their good advice and follow through. Even if there was improvement, it was not lasting. Is there some force within that is blocking you and preventing you from fully developing and enjoying the gift of your life? Emotions are ephemeral. The associated beliefs, mostly unconscious. One cannot understand and change experiences that are not alive and present. Therefore, I attend closely to what is occurring in the moment. Only then can we bring them from unconsciousness and hope to find a better way. I hope that, having met me, you will decide that I could tolerate and understand your feelings, whether good or bad, so that there is a chance for you to learn and to develop something new within yourself more to your liking.','6502000390');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(131,262302,'Stephanie Donahue','At Abbey Neuropsychology Clinic, I provide counseling, psychological assessment, and neurofeedback therapy. I have excellent training and experience serving clients from culturally diverse backgrounds and primarily work with children and adolescents. Additionally, I have specialized training to provide relationship-based services for very young children (birth to six) and their caregivers. I utilize evidence-based techniques to support my clients who have social, emotional, and/or behavioral struggles as well as youth who have experienced traumatic events. In many cases, I invite parents to participate in treatment as their involvement often facilitates positive changes in their children. While working with families, I engage parent coaching practices to help parents develop stronger relationships with their children, establish limits more effectively, and support their children through challenging life circumstances. Working with individuals and their families provides me with a sense of fulfillment, and I am dedication to identifying my clients'' needs in order to individualize treatment and cultivate change.','6507271616');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(132,38841,'Michael Hahn','I provide therapy for depression, anxiety stress, and anger reduction. I will help you with better coping skills for work, school, and family life, or retirement. We can analyze and correct self defeating behaviors and social interactions in a safe, healing environment. I utilize cognitive and insight oriented therapy and reflective self observing methods to help you reach a better sense of well being. Therapy for Couples and Families: I provide guidance in a safe setting for settling disputes and learning new ways of interacting for couples and families undergoing difficult life transitions. Careful, confidential attention to your issues and active discussion of alternatives in a supportive environment will allow us to collaborate in enhancing the quality of your life, reduce stress and increase your sense of wellbeing. Familiarity with Cognitive and Rational Emotive Therapy allows me to join you in solving some difficult issues here and now, My familiarity with analytic and psychodynamic theory will allow us to look at underlying motivation and understanding of ongoing issues.','6502003273');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(133,156097,'The Clinic','We are a team of healthcare professionals dedicated to providing innovative treatments and personalized care. We offer psychotherapy and medication management for optimizing well-being. Our team specializes in cutting edge, evidence based treatments. We have providers who have expertise treating sleep disorders, depression, anxiety, ADHD, Bipolar Disorder and other common and complex conditions. We are a dedicated team of providers who work closely and collaboratively to provide the best care possible to our patients and their families. We have rare and unique specialization in behavioral medicine with providers whose focus is in sleep medicine as well as sexual medicine, combined couple and sex therapy and individual sex therapy. We approach the patient or family from a biopsychosocial framework providing medication management and/or psychotherapy when indicated. www.theclinicsf.org','4156973878');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(134,210891,'Kathryn Hedjasi','Do you find yourself struggling? Hurting? I can help you feel better! You have the ability to THRIVE regardless of your circumstances armed with my support &amp; many new tools in your arsenal. I can help you tap into your own resilience &amp; ability to heal. Wherever you are at in life, whether satisfied but looking to improve, struggling daily &amp; feeling as if the floor is about to fall out, in crisis-mode, on a journey of self-discovery, or simply looking for support from a fully present empathetic skilled partner in your personal, interpersonal &amp; professional goals. I AM HERE FOR YOU! I assure you that you are not alone in facing your challenges. In my 18yrs I helped others to overcome debilitating heartbreaks; process losses, betrayals &amp; traumas; increase their self-confidence, self-esteem, &amp; learn self-care. You can heal &amp; you will improve your relationships, find deeper connections, enjoy greater balance &amp; health. Specialties include: relational issues, infidelity, depression/anxiety, crisis, codependency, life transitions, suicidality, dual-diagnosis, addictions/recovery, trauma, PTSD/ 2ndary PTSD, veterans/vet families, abuse including narcissistic abuse, DV, rape/incest, self-harming behaviors, adult survivor of addicted caretaker, divorce, communication, grief, career, family issues, &amp; the highly reactive/sensitive child/teen.','6502624006');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(135,150951,'Sarah Adler','A good fit is one of the most important aspects of therapy. I seek to understand my clients individual goals and needs, and collaboratively work with them to get the most out of each session. I help my clients learn the skills they need to improve their quality of life. My training at Stanford has taught me the importance of providing high-value, high-quality therapy. I work from a Cognitive Behavioral framework (how thoughts and feelings interact with behavior) and use techniques that fit the individual needs of my clients. I provide "evidence based practice," which means using treatments that have been shown to be effective in scientific studies. I am pleased to be part of Peninsula Behavioral Health, a Center focused on evidence based therapy. Please visit our website to find out more about me and my approach: www.penbh.com.','6505572751');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(136,46701,'Robin Apple','As an integrative therapist I combine tools from cognitive-behavioral, psychodynamic, interpersonal, and mood regulation therapies. I treat adults and older adolescents battling mood, anxiety, eating, interpersonal and life transition challenges. I consider treatment options as they relate to a patient''s needs given the empirical support available. I find the psychotherapy process to be most effective when done collaboratively. For the past 22 years in addition to maintaining a private practice, I worked as a Clinical Associate Professor at Stanford''s Department of Psychiatry until July 2015. I was trained at UCLA (Ph.D) and at Oregon Health Sciences University (post-doctoral fellowship). In addition to providing longer-term psychotherapy, I also have extensive experience helping patients cope with health issues, work challenges and life transitions. In such cases, shorter-term, goal-oriented approaches, such as cognitive-behavioral and supportive therapies can often provide useful frameworks for getting started. Psychotherapy is not always easy; it has both benefits and risks (e.g. in discussing difficult material sometimes individuals feel worse before they feel better). Creating an open, supportive environment in which individuals can feel comfortable talking about most everything - including the therapy process itself - is my goal.','6506030590');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(137,242023,'Marci Kaufman','You know yourself best, but collaborating with a therapist can be invaluable in helping you live your life to the fullest. I am a marriage and family therapist and also have a degree in social work. Personable and professional, I am dedicated to helping individuals, couples and families overcome their obstacles in a warm, collaborative, safe and supportive environment. I have numerous years of experience working with people affected by illness, disability and trauma as well as with the emotions and challenges that come with life''s difficulties. My approach is EMDR, solution focused with an appreciation for the mind/body connection. We will work together towards helping you overcome the challenges that are preventing you from reaching your full potential. I look forward to helping you to become the best version of yourself!','5168066788');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(138,216775,'Luisa Montaini-Klovdahl','Collaborative, effective, respectful and warmth best describes Dr. Luisa''s approach. Striving to support wellness, strength and calm for each client, Dr. Luisa draws on her experience, research and best practices to assist clients and families with their personal growth. The unique needs and learning style of clients guide the interventions that are mutually selected between therapist and client. Whether the need is coaching, specialty treatment and interventions or support navigating a healthy path through stressful times, Dr. Luisa will collaboratively work with clients and families to identify the treatment choices toward health. Integrated and Client-Focused. Dr. Luisa integrates research and theory from several approaches, including psychodynamic, developmental, social learning, cognitive-behavioral and mindfulness. In partnership with the client and family, Dr. Luisa develops supportive plans to best meet the needs and preferences of clients. Throughout the therapeutic process, the voice and strengths of clients are honored. Dr Luisa has the training and experience to assist children along the entire age continuum, from young child to adolescence. She assists continued psychological growth and wellness of adults. Specialty training includes the 0-5 population, developmental testing, evidenced based treatments for children, adolescents and adults and specialty needs of the military and their families.','6506660928');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(139,163119,'Nina Kapitanski','Dr. Kapitanski was drawn to the field of medicine at a young age. She continued to explore this curiosity, and was captivated by the intricacies of the human mind and its resilience. During medical school training, Dr. Kapitanski examined the link between depression and quality of life, publishing in the Harvard Review of Psychiatry. Beyond excellent training that allows Dr. Kapitanski to treat a diverse group of adult patients, with a wide range of ethnic, cultural, and religious backgrounds, and sexual orientations, she pursued specialized training at Stanford Hospital in the fields of women''s mental health and psychotherapy for couples/families. Her training in Palo Alto has provided the the unique experience of working with professionals in the fields of Academia, and IT Industry. Dr. Kapitanski utilizes an individualized approach. This allows her to treat each person, not just within a medical model of a patient, but embrace the entity of their care as a person. Her empathic style draws from a variety of tools to provide the highest level of personalized care. This integrative approach may utilize elements from psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral, interpersonal, and mindfulness therapies, as well as medication management when medically appropriate. The goal for individuals is to achieve their personal best level of functioning.','6502881365');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(140,35629,'Judith Wilson','I have been in practice for twenty five years, working with people of diverse backgrounds and a wide array of issues. I use both Spanish and English in my practice, which generally includes people suffering from depression, anxiety, relationship issues, and parenting issues. I enjoy both individual &amp; couples therapy and also work with adolescents. When it is possible, I believe that people are most benefited by a therapy that continues for six months or more. I tailor my approach to the specific needs of the individual patient, taking into account his/ her prior life experience and hopes for the future. As a general rule, my Border Collie, who is completing training as a therapy dog, is with me in the office. However, I am happy to accommodate anyone who is not comfortable having a dog in the room.','4153206844');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(141,241638,'Kile Ortigo','I am a licensed psychologist (PSY26136) in Palo Alto, California, serving adults who are struggling with stress and/or with questions about life choices and meaning, particularly those triggered by loss or trauma. My practice focuses on helping people explore deeper aspects of themselves while using these insights to live a fuller, more meaningful and value-driven life. I provide individual psychotherapy services to adults 18 to 65 years of age. My clinical expertise includes trauma and posttraumatic stress, depression, anxiety, and substance use. I also have specific culturally competent expertise in working with sexual and gender identity exploration (particularly lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning, LGBTQ). In addition to helping people cope with stress or symptoms, I have a strong focus on aiding people in exploring various aspects of their selves, values, and life directions. Personal growth is a worthy goal for which I enjoy providing support and guidance. These services rely on my expertise in personality development across the lifespan.','6508300267');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(142,130712,'M Rameen Ghorieshi','I care for patients from the paradigm that mental and physical health are so strongly intertwined that one may not fully achieve either without striving for both. I treat both a vast range of psychiatric conditions and help those who wish to better understand themselves and their relationships. My areas of interest include anxiety, depression, whole body health, coping with medical illness, and addiction medicine. I will formulate a customized treatment plan, which may include psychotherapy, medications, and behavioral techniques, to best care for your condition and meet your needs. I see patients in person or via telepsychiatry, depending on your needs. Telepsychiatry (telehealth, telemedicine) is a medical tool in which visits are conducted via secure and encrypted videoconferencing. Telepsychitary can be a good way to add extra sessions during the week or make appointments when away from Palo Alto. In addition to general adult mental health, I also practice Addiction Medicine. Substance dependence can be devastating to you and your family. I utilize a number of evidence-based treatments combining specialized psychotherapy modalities and specific medications to help patients with substance use disorders return to full, healthy lives.','6502043479');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(143,161460,'Richard Stolee','Richard is a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist with 40 years of experience specializing in individual and marriage and family counseling, adolescent psychotherapy, job and management counseling. He has been trained in multiple approaches including Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Collaborative Problem Solving, and significant Family Therapy strategies for resolving couple as well as parent child conflict. He has taught many parenting workshops throughout the Bay area. He is a Member of the California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists (CAMFT). His background also includes years of experience supervising and managing therapists as well as coordinating assessment teams for children and adolescents Richard provides Individual Therapy utilizing both problem solving counseling and long term introspective therapy. He also provides Marriage Counseling and Conflict Resolution offering couples therapy for communication and teaching collaboration strategies. He engages in child and Adolescent Counseling for ages 13-17 with collateral parenting assistance and family therapy. Richard has extensive experience working with job related difficulties. He will provide career counseling as well as assistance with current on site job related problems and relations between management and employees. He provides individual therapy for employees who are struggling with managing their combined home and work stress.','6502739795');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(144,43068,'Miriam Bar','If you have come to this place, you are obviously seriously considering getting professional help. It is an important step that will lead you to feel much better and be a lot happier. But who should to select as your therapist? There are many good therapists on this site whom I would recommend. Obviously, I think I''m one of them. The therapist ability to gain your trust is of prime importance. This will allow you to be as open as possible and develop the close relationship necessary to discuss, understand, and make the necessary changes to improve your life. Your therapist will guide and support you on that path. My patients have improved their lives, their relationships and their professional success and satisfaction. The therapist''s training and experience are equally important. I have nearly 40 years of experience and have treated hundreds of patients. I also teach and supervise other therapists. I''m bi-lingual and treat patients in English and Hebrew. I also employ and supervise two highly talented interns, which allows us to provide high quality therapy at a much reduced cost. Call me and let''s talk. Maybe I''m therapist for you. Thanks, Miriam Bar','6506810867');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(145,214354,'Molly Walsh','I am a licensed psychologist and help individuals overcome problems related to mood disorders (bipolar disorder and depression), emotion dysregulation, anxiety disorders, stress management, relationship difficulties, and unwanted behaviors (e.g., smoking). I completed postdoctoral training at Stanford University in the Psychosocial Treatment Clinic and Bipolar Disorders Clinic focused on evidence-based approaches to therapy that are supported by research. I utilize these approaches in my work, incorporating techniques from cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT), dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), mindfulness, and motivational interviewing (MI), depending on the needs of the client. Please visit my website www.drmollywalsh.com for more information. My style has been described as genuine, warm, and unassuming. I collaborate with clients to establish clear therapy goals as I believe this is crucial for success. My work is typically present-focused, helping clients overcome problems in their daily lives. In addition to my private practice, I teach a DBT seminar at Stanford for current postdoctoral fellows and faculty. I also work on a limited basis for a research project at Stanford examining mood and sleep in adolescents with bipolar disorder.','6508303087');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(146,104269,'Michelle Lee','I have over 7 years of experience working with adolescents and school-aged children dealing with social, emotional, and behavioral problems. I have also worked with adults through private practice, mainly dealing with anxiety disorders and substance abuse. Having worked within schools and community agencies, I have an understanding of adolescents in a variety of contexts, and take a systems approach to working with children, teens, and their families. When treating mood disorders such as anxiety and depression, I use cognitive-behavioral interventions to help clients manage symptoms and increase their coping strategies. Ultimately, I believe that the most important component of a successful experience in therapy is the quality of the therapeutic relationship.','7037942039');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(147,84765,'Katherine Viret','There are many reasons you may be seeking therapy: you may want help with a specific issue (divorce, loss, depression, anxiety), you may not be exactly sure why you want help other than a vague sense that things aren''t right or you may be experiencing discontent, anxiety or depression even though you function at a high level and are living a "good" life. In a confidential, collaborative setting, we can work together to explore the feelings you are having and the patterns in your relationships that may be causing you distress. I have a gentle approach with the ability to be direct when needed. Feel free to call me for a phone consultation. I see individual adults and children.','6504538966');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(148,49490,'Zoe Eliou','"The energy of the mind is the essence of life" Aristotle. My practice is mainly focused on providing services to adult patients with moderate to severe psychopathology, primarily Depressive disorders, Bipolar spectrum disorders, Anxiety disorders, OCD, PTSD and Personality disorders. In addition, I treat people with complex medical problems, managing autoimmune disorders, cancer, diabetes (high risk pregnancies), Hep C and HIV. My orientation is cognitive-behavioral in nature, and I am well versed and practiced in dialectical behavioral therapy. I often place emphasis on developing strategies and skills training to improve social and occupational functioning and to achieve psychiatric stabilization. I extend support in managing chronic illness and persistent psychiatric problems. I provide services in English, Hebrew and Greek. Please visit my web site (www.doriteliou.com) for additional information about my practice and my educational and professional experience. If you have additional questions do not hesitate to reach out.','6509184545');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(149,192487,'Barbara Green','I work best with individuals and couples who are interested in understanding how they got stuck and who want to develop skills and insights to move forward. Everyone gets stuck in their life or relationships at times. Perhaps there is job stress, a new baby, a divorce or break up, sexual/intimacy problems or a last child leaving home. Sometimes we know we are distressed but don''t really know why. I strive to create a safe and accepting atmosphere in my office that enables people to be less reactive and more thoughtful and creative in addressing their conflicts. I have trained extensively with Dr. Harville Hendrix (Getting the Love You Want), Dr. Pat Love (Hot Monogamy and The Emotional Incest Syndrome) and Dr. Ellyn Bader (In Quest of the Mythical Mate and Tell Me No Lies). Since 2008 I have been training in empirically validated Emotionally Focused Therapy. Please call or email for a free phone consultation.','3128185548');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(150,35139,'Hoai-Thu Truong','Suffering? In emotional pain? Plagued by worries? Perhaps you are grieving a loss, or struggling with family or relationship problems? I can journey with you and help you improve your life, whether you are dealing with stress, depression, difficulties in your relationships, or seeking personal growth. I have helped many people struggling with anxiety, trauma or feeling stuck in their lives. I view symptoms not only as difficulties that need to be addressed but also as a call to wholeness and an opportunity for you to create a more satisfying life. I specialize in working with Silicon Valley professionals (people with scientific or technical backgrounds) and with adults with international or multicultural perspectives. I bring my experience as a former scientist with roots in American, French and Asian (Vietnamese) cultures to my work with clients. I speak French and some German. Our spirituality is a very important aspect of who we are, yet it is often neglected in psychotherapy. For people with a strong spiritual or religious background who are seeking psychological help, I offer a place where their beliefs are respected, and if appropriate, integrate spirituality into the psychotherapy process.','6503273003');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(151,66434,'Jean Schellenberg','For years, I''ve served the Bay Area as a psychologist, teacher, and artist. I provide in-depth adult psychotherapy using creative, cognitive, and transpersonal methods - treating professionals, interns, graduate students, artists, and veterans. I encourage patient healing through visualization, body/mind/spiritual connection, transpersonal psychology, Sandplay, creative expression, and dream work. Since 1998 I''ve used EMDR to treat performance anxiety, phobias, eating disorders, and trauma due to divorce, surgeries, accidents, job loss, and abuse. For a 2014 interview with Dr. Jean Schellenberg on YouTube/Open to Hope, Treating Trauma (EMDR), see https://www. youtube.com/watch?v=HPiCU6SpuSA. I specialize in trauma and developed a 5-Stage Recovery Model to heal emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. The Model also addresses healthier adult sexuality and intimacy. In 1998, the APA gave me an honorary award for this dissertation research, and I have presented to various clinicians and graduate schools. My art work is featured in: Heal Abuse and Trauma through Art: Increasing Self-worth, Healing of Initial Wounds, and Creating a Sense of Connectivity, L.B. Spencer, Ph.D.; and Transformation of the Psyche: The Symbolic Alchemy of the Splendor Solis, by Drs. Joseph Henderson and Dyane Sherwood.','6502097861');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(152,73516,'Beth Rosenthal','We all make compromises as children to survive effectively in the families in which we grow up. Much of the work I do with people in therapy involves helping them realize the nature of those compromises and making a determination as to whether the choices they had to make as children continue to be the most effective course for them as adults. I help people have insight into their behavior in relationships at work, with friends and family so that they may decide what aspects of these interactions they want to keep and which they may want to modify. I am an interactive and collaborative therapist which means that during the therapeutic hour, we engage in verbal exchange and work together to address your issues. People feel understood and appreciated by me and leave feeling they have gained perspective on how to address problems for which they sought treatment. I provide therapy for individuals, couples, adolescents and children. I choose from the techniques of various therapeutic modalities to work most effectively with the person and the presenting problem.','6505494974');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(153,123781,'Elizabeth Weiss','Sometimes life brings challenges that require us to learn and grow in unforeseen ways. These challenges can take the form of an illness in ourselves or a loved one, death, the loss of dreams held dearly, and trials that are part of living and maturing. I work collaboratively with individuals, families, and couples to help them overcome the stressful events they face. Humans have an amazing capacity to overcome tremendous adversity, yet sometimes a trauma or ongoing challenge is so severe that people have difficulty moving past it. I help people tap into their ability to heal and recover from these experiences and the distressing impact they have on lives and individuals. I am direct, compassionate, and supportive as I help people choose and create the changes needed for a satisfying life. In our work together, we can help you recover from losses, manage stressors and live a fulfilling life.','6502654794');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(154,194946,'Priscilla Cheng','Challenges and obstacles are inevitable in life such as: Pain, Depression, Worry, Self-Doubt, and Anxiety. These challenges can affect our perception of ourselves and hinder our relationships with others. However, through therapy we can guide ourselves to overcome these obstacles. I provide a safe, warm, and personalized counseling approach that works best for you. I''m passionate about working with you (whether adult, adolescent, child, or couple) to expand your understanding of yourself and you create healthier and more meaningful relationships with others.','6508521308');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(155,189409,'Nicole Redzic','I am a licensed clinical psychologist with extensive training and experience in a wide range of treatment concerns. I work with young adults, adolescents, children, and adults who are experiencing various types of depression and mood difficulties, anxiety, stress, eating disorders, addictions, and relationship or peer-related problems. My approach draws from cognitive-behavioral and psychodynamic therapies supported by research, and is tailored to meet the specific needs of the individual or family. I also incorporate mindfulness and positive psychology approaches focused on enhancing happiness, resilience, satisfaction, and meaning. My style can best be described as relational and collaborative. In addition to hopefully lessening bothersome symptoms and improving well-being, I view therapy as a process of creating more understanding and awareness that allows for more freedom and choice. I enjoy my work and feel grateful to do the work that I do. I completed my training at PGSP-Stanford Consortium and Northwestern, and my advanced clinical training at UCLA and Children''s Hospital Oakland. In addition to private practice, I am on staff at Stanford University where I provide services for Stanford students, and I am adjunct faculty at the Wright Institute in the psychological assessment program.','6504092611');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(156,142932,'Lisa Rosequist','Lisa Rosequist, Ph.D. is a clinical psychologist with a specialty in pediatric neuropsychology and an expert in Psychological Testing. She then completed a post-doctoral fellowship at UC Davis Medical Center, Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, where she focused on treatment and recovery of brain injury and cognitive dysfunction secondary to medical diagnoses. Dr. Rosequist has extensive training in assessment of children with attention problems (ADD/ADHD), depression, anxiety, traumatic brain injuries, autism spectrum disorders, epilepsy, and physical and learning disabilities. She assesses children ages 6-16, working closely with families in providing a thorough evaluation of cognitive, emotional and academic functioning. Dr. Rosequist provides children and their families with treatment recommendations addressing each child''s unique educational, psychological and emotional needs to help them perform at their highest level of functioning and support them in achievement of their individual goals.','6504883858');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(157,143286,'Jennifer Jones','Worried about your kid/s emotional health? Experience a recent major life stressor? Getting support, information and guidance from a therapist can make a big difference. I am a Youth &amp; Family Therapist dedicated to helping children, teens and families through difficult times. I approach each individual and family as unique, providing understanding with practical problem-solving tools. I have a wide range of experience and knowledge that includes child development, family systems theory, and mindfulness psychology. I use cognitive behavioral techniques, art and play, and communications coaching to promote positive change and emotional health &amp; wellness for you and your family. I specialize in divorce. I offer custody mediation, collaborative divorce coaching, coparent counseling, and consultation services to parents in high conflict court-related matters or not. I am a member of the International Academy of Collaborative Professionals (IACP), Association of Family &amp; Concilation Courts (AFCC), and Collaborative Practice Silicon Valley (CPSV).','6502412016');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(158,58436,'Jamie Vavaroutsos','MINDFULNESS, BALANCE, GROWTH, AND EMPOWERMENT. It is possible to achieve a higher level of inner peace and reduce unnecessary suffering. We all can "lose our way" at times and find ourselves in situations that are difficult and painful. I believe that these crises can hold within them tremendous opportunities for growth and strengthening. Although most enter therapy during a crisis, the therapeutic process need not also feel painful or traumatizing. I will create a safe and validating therapeutic environment in which to transform personal suffering into strength and wisdom. We will collaborate to establish clarity and direction in our therapy. My orientation is a blend of EMDR Therapy, Mindfulness-Based CBT, and Sensorimotor Psychotherapy. My style is warm, interactive, and direct. My background spans mental health and medical settings. Trauma, attachment, stress management, LGBTQ, diverse lifestyles, and cross-cultural issues are strong interests. I am an EMDRIA approved EMDR Consultant. I am a provider for Victim''s Compensation, accept private pay, and am able to work with your PPO insurance as an out-of-network provider. I have offices in both Palo Alto and San Jose. I have limited night-time availability. I work with adults, couples, adolescents, and children (7 yrs+).','4086220501');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(159,160863,'Jeffrey Yost','Worried? Frustrated? Confused? I strive to help you untangle the puzzling and self-defeating ways of thinking, feeling and behaving that fuel your distress. As our work together progresses, you can more clearly imagine and more confidently implement new and better ways to live. What''s it like to come see me? First, I endeavor to create an atmosphere of openness and safety, inviting you to speak with me in accord with your level of comfort. Sharing your burdens allows you to feel less alone and isolated; your stress is reduced, and you gain perspective on your problems. Second, while listening to you, I notice the ways in which your habits of thinking and feeling are organized, sometimes outside of your awareness, into characteristic patterns. I tactfully present to you what I notice, and we then work together to determine whether my observations are of help to you. Third, in practicing psychotherapy, I consistently and respectfully respond to you, moment to moment, in ways that I believe will most facilitate understanding, growth, and confidence. I follow you, adding what I can from my experience and training to help you have a bigger, richer, and more meaningful life.','6505623828');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(160,206109,'Jennifer Dore','People are complex. A person is not a disorder, a disease, or a diagnosis. Throughout our lives we find ourselves in circumstances that bring our attention to the fact that we could know ourselves better and if we did, we could be happier and more balanced in our lives. My treatment philosophy centers on the belief that therapy can be valuable for everyone, particularly at times of intense change, loss, or personal trauma. With expertise in both psychopharmacology and individual psychotherapy, i maintain a patient centered, integrative approach to treating the whole person. I am a member of the Adjunct Clinical Faculty at Stanford, and I specialize in psychodynamic psychotherapy and medication management. I believe that through my training as a surgeon and a psychiatrist, I bring a unique perspective to understanding the mind-body connection. Issues pertinent to the female professional, particularly work life balance are of special interest to me.','6508303034');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(161,156912,'Amy Moskovitz','Do you feel trapped by your emotions, depressed, and unable to enjoy life? Are you silently sad even though others think your life is happy? Have you lost sight of what you want, what you need, and what you like? I work with people 16 years and old and provide a safe environment where you can learn to: see new choices, act effectively on better decisions, strengthen relationships with friends and family, understand yourself better, communicate your needs, get what you want! I am a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist with a private practice in Palo Alto, California. I have experience working with a wide range of issues including depression, anxiety, friendship and dating, and family dynamics. I strive to work with clients in a way that best suits their needs and desires. I am a certified practitioner of the TEAM model of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) pioneered by Dr. David Burns, MD. My therapeutic style is also informed by Attachment Theory, Dialectic Behavioral Therapy, psychodynamic and family systems theories.','6504192879');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(162,21492,'Geri Weitzman','I help my clients to find creative ways to address a variety of personal concerns, and I offer a warm and supportive environment which affirms the diversity of each individual. I draw from a wide variety of counseling theories and techniques. Some of my clients like an active, problem solving approach; others like therapy to be a supportive place to explore and examine life happenings. My specialties include depression, anxiety, anger management, relationship/couples therapy, LGBT concerns, polyamory, substance abuse, internet addiction, and codependency. My office is close to public transit, parking and nearby shops. Please feel free to contact me by email or phone. In your message, please let me know what type of concerns you''re looking to work on. Also, please let me know if there''s a particular type of insurance that you are looking to use so that I can assist you in getting that process underway. (Private pay clients are welcome too).','4083385638');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(163,106653,'Isobel Scher','My ideal clients are CHILDREN in distress and their PARENTS. I have many years of experience working with children''s social/emotional, behavior and learning problems. Parents are often desperate for help saying: "My child is smart but not reaching his potential. I sometimes feel like a parent failure. I am beginning to feel helpless and hopeless. I don''t know what to do about my child''s difficult behavior. I can''t bear to watch the struggle with homework and school. My child seems not to have any friends. As a parent I feel HELPLESS and need some guidance and reassurance." When children have problems, they lose sight of their abilities and strengths. My therapeutic task is to help everybody recognize and use these to address the problems. This result is raised self esteem and is the beginning of positive change. It leads to behavior change, friendship skills and greater academic success. I have many years of experience working with social / emotional effects of children''s school and learning problems. I recognize and identify children''s forgotten positive abilities and strengths. I truly believe that children hold the key to the solutions of their problems and I assist them in finding these.','6508622133');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(164,233999,'Yosi Amram','I offer holistic integrative psychotherapy for adults and couples, helping bring integration and wholeness to all major dimensions of our humanness: mind, heart, body and soul. My style is warm and unconditionally accepting, open-minded and open-hearted. I am always honored to be of help supporting each person in her or his unique journey towards happiness and life satisfaction. I have been fortunate to receive the ''Best of Palo Alto'' Psychotherapist award for 2014 and see clients in my Rockridge-Oakland and Palo Alto offices. My approach is both pragmatic, offering near term relief, and deeper change, growth and transformation. I believe that we are all born with a passionate aliveness that is uniquely beautiful, radiant, joyful, trusting and loving. Unfortunately, this passionate aliveness often gets wounded and covered-up. Our deeper work together is to recover your passionate aliveness, manifesting meaningful work and loving interpersonal relationships, while also, pragmatically, addressing your near-term challenges. My specialty is working with professionals and executives addressing work, meaning, personal and relationship problems. In addition to my long-standing psychotherapeutic work, I draw on a rich set of life experiences, including a previous career in technology, an executive leadership coaching practice, and a deep commitment to my own growth and spiritual development.','5104021287');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(165,213208,'Kristy Phillips','Why is it always easier to beat ourselves up than to say loving and empathic things to ourselves? I believe that we are comprised of multiple "parts" and that sometimes our negative parts are so loud, we have trouble connecting to our self-compassion. It can feel easier to perpetuate personal stories of unworthiness than to locate our strength. In my practice, I know that regardless of their pasts, everyone deserves compassion and the support to rewrite painful stories. It is easy to forget that moments of happiness are not the same thing as having meaning and purpose in life. On this journey, we delve into the past and learn to be mindful and authentic in the present through talk, meditation, and art. I help clients determine what healthy relationships feel like and to change those that are destructive. I am curious about how your relationships work to define you. I have not found "the answer." I follow your lead and I don''t think that my approach is the only way to look at your challenges. I like to create space for play and collaboration. Relationship issues, depression, anxiety, and trauma are my specialities.','6503945315');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(166,103712,'Elena Kozlova','I look forward to guiding and supporting my clients in resolving different challenges and finding more inner peace. In my practice, I focus on clinical and non-clinical issues such as trauma, PTSD, anxiety, phobias, low self-esteem, relationships issues, lack of creativity and meaning, jobs related stresses, and others. I approach each client with neutrality, empathy, and unconditional acceptance, qualities which enable my clients to find their own healing. I also use a wide variety of experiential techniques, which help my clients to process their experience in the here and now. My specialties are trauma, phobias, low self-esteem, anxiety, creativity blocks, search for meaning, and spiritual issues. I use creative expression, psychodrama, gestalt therapy, play therapy, EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization Reprocessing), Somatic Experiencing, and process oriented therapies. Currently I''m in my second year of Somatic Experiencing training, a trauma oriented body therapy. I invite Russian speaking clients, as well as clients from other cultures into my practice. Being a multi-cultural person, I enjoy working with people from all over the world.','8312165266');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(167,53378,'Azizeh Rezaiyan','Whether you are struggling to connect with others, searching for a way to save your relationship or trying to preserve your children''s well-being in the midst of a potential divorce, I can help you reach satisfying, long-term solutions. When an individual does not feel comfortable expressing his or her emotions, it is the partner that often pays the price. And when parents are dealing with their own challenges, the family and children can suffer. In the last 20 years, I have seen how individual happiness can impact families and communities, and I offer the guidance and support you need. With the help of an experienced therapist, you can overcome the obstacles that are preventing you and your loved ones from feeling connected and fulfilled.I have a multi-cultural background and I work with couples and families, particulary Middle Eastern/European/American. I am fluent in both Persian (Farsi) and English. You can read more about this on my website www.CounselingPeninsula.com. Please call today for your FREE 20-minute initial telephone consultation. This way we can determine if we would be a good fit, and if not, I will give you some referrals."','6502069973');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(168,45980,'Sarah Villarreal','I am a licensed psychologist with ten+ years of experience. I have two areas of specialty: 1)Children/Adolescents and 2)Women. My style is warm, interactive, direct and non-judgmental. I use cognitive behavioral and interpersonal theory approaches focused on helping your child reach his/her potential. I specialize in helping individuals with Self-Esteem Issues, Asperger''s Syndrome, Depression, Anxiety and ADD/ADHD. With women, I use this same warm, interactive and non-judgmental approach to help you identify interpersonal patterns, enhance your awareness/insight and get you "unstuck". I want you to feel content in your own skin. I also use life-coaching techniques to guide you toward actualizing your potential. I am the founder of three successful businesses and I am currently working on a self-help book for women.','4155470931');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(169,66121,'Susan Willis','It''s exciting to see that you''re exploring ways to improve your current dilemma--and your life. Whether your problem is one that is longstanding and has resisted change, or is new and unfamiliar, therapy will provide a safe and caring environment to work it through. I''ll help you identify the blocks to your optimal functioning, understand them, and then develop better-fitting, more fruitful ways to think and act. It''s a respectful, warm-hearted process, always focused on your uniqueness and wholeness. For over 25 years, I''ve helped people experiencing deep depression, life-limiting anxiety, impasses in work or relationships, difficult life passages, complex illnesses, and unfulfilled goals. I''m skilled in both brief solutions-focused therapy and longer term depth work. A Jungian orientation underlies my work. Since my background combines biology with psychology, I am able to address more than just your mind. I''ve found that results are enhanced by simultaneously cultivating better health and fitness, and deepened spirit. Wholeness is the goal. I invite you to visit my website, and look forward to speaking with you.','6502097802');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(170,57138,'Janice Cheng','Want to improve the quality of your life? Want to work on some difficult issues? Depressed, anxious, angry, uncertain or confused? Are there relationship issues? I provide a warm, caring and safe environment to work on your problems and I have an eclectic approach to psychotherapy. Together we can strive to achieve healing, stability, growth and happiness. My specialties include depression, anxiety, fears, PTSD and relationship issues. I''ve also worked effectively with cross-cultural issues and life transitions, as well as other problem areas Appointments are possible in San Francisco on Mondays, Fridays and Saturdays and in Palo Alto on Wednesdays. My offices are easily accessible by car and public transportation. Nearby counties: San Mateo, Santa Clara, Alameda, Contra Costa and Marin.','4159633548');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(171,43835,'Robert Badame','I am a clinical psychologist in practice for over 30 years. A primary interest is working with men, particularly problems with anger/stress mgmt., sexual addiction and Alpha Males. I work with PTSD and military vets. I enjoy consulting with corporations. (I also have an MBA). I have extensive background and training in infertility and adoption issues. My wife and I are adoptive parents. I also have an interest in working with couples, issues of intimacy, sexuality, soulmate and kindred relationships. My website details aspects and differences between soulmate and opposite attract relationships. Website:www.rsbadame.com for additional information CBT, Extensive work with couples and individuals. Extensive research on soulmate relationships. I do supervision and consultation to psychology professionals and businesses. PTSD and trauma from military, (Served 5 years in USMC in 1960''s and have worked with returning veterans. Please check my website for addional information: www.rsbadame.com Over 10 years of research on soulmates and highly kindred relationships. More on this topic on my website. Past faculty of UCSF Medical Center in the Human Sexuality Program. Taught required courses on sexuality, sex and disability, sex and aging, men and midlife for many years. MBA in Mkt/Economics','4153750918');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(172,68312,'Marina Bystritsky','I''m a licensed clinical psychologist working with people to help them achieve lasting changes and create more fulfilling live. I pride myself on providing empirically supported, ethical and compassionate care to my clients. My therapeutic approach is collaborative, active and present focused. I believe that each person is unique, has his/her own unique history and goals and work with each client to develop individualized treatment plan designed to address each person''s unique symptoms and needs. I specialize in treatment of the obsessive-compulsive and OCD spectrum disorders, anxiety disorders such as generalized anxiety, social anxiety, panic disorder and agoraphobia, health anxiety, phobias, stress related conditions and depression. I use Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) and mindfulness-based cognitive therapy. In addition to maintaining a private practice, I supervise psychiatry residents at OCD clinic at Stanford University School of Medicine.','6502097869');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(173,83775,'Clodagh O','Have you ever had the experience of really wanting to CHANGE only to find yourself slipping into old habits the very next day? This happens when we change our thoughts yet our emotional body or emotional brain is still attached to the old behavior. A combination of psychotherapy and hypnotherapy can be really helpful to bridge the gap between our thoughts and emotional needs. When our thoughts, and emotions are aligned , hypnotherapy can direct newer behaviors into our everyday experience. Witnessing clients attempt to navigate their fears, and rediscover their real wisdom is truly a joyful experience. I specialize in supporting individuals, couples and families obtaining freedom from stuck or "not good enough" belief patterns that interfere with relationships and careers. In my experience these belief patterns can show up as "unexpressed passions". In order to get a fuller perspective of a client''s life balance, I also explore the client''s relationship to nutrition, exercise, and health. Emotional Freedom Technique or Hypnotherapy can offer another way to slow down mental chatter, reframe old beliefs, and to open up to intuition and passion.','4155704105');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(174,6706,'Dennis Facchino','I am a Psychotherapist and Psychoanalyst and completed my psychoanalytic training at the Psychoanalytic Institute of No. California (2005). I have a PhD in Marriage and Family Therapy (1988). I am a licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (1977). My psychotherapy and psychoanalytic practice includes individuals, couples, children (8 yrs and up) and adolescents, clinical supervision, and consultation. While psychotherapy focuses on more immediate issues, psychoanalysis focuses on working through chronic personal issues by trying to uncover the unconscious material that underlies the behavior(s). Treatment possibilities are 1 to 4 times/week using sliding scale as needed. My practice is mostly focused on individual and couples psychotherapy at one to two times/week. With children there is a play therapy option using the sand tray. With patients who desire working in more depth, there is the option of psychoanalysis at several times per week.','6509184522');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(175,103186,'Jo Wallace','I am a clinical child psychologist offering assessment and therapy services in SF and Palo Alto. Do you have a child who is struggling to learn, needs an extraordinary amount of time to complete schoolwork, or has difficulty paying attention or recalling information? These are common concerns brought to me by parents. We can work together to find the root of your child''s challenges. A neuropsychological evaluation helps to identify your child''s strengths and weaknesses and provide recommendations to assist your child in achieving their potential. My evaluations are comprehensive, research-based, and individualized to your child. Is your child in need of therapeutic support to help develop strategies to cope with anxiety? I am known to have a warm, nurturing, and compassionate therapeutic approach. I focus on building a positive relationship with your child, engaging them in the therapeutic process, and utilize evidence-based treatment approaches. I specialize in treating children facing learning problems and medical illness. Outside of my private practice, I also hold a faculty appointment with the Child Neurology team as a neuropsychologist at Stanford Children''s Hospital. In addition, I am an adjunct professor at Notre Dame de Namur University.','6503004581');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(176,88184,'Randy Specterman','I have been a practicing Psychologist for over 20 years working with individuals, couples and families including adolescents and children. My theoretical orientation is informed by Psychodynamic, CBT, Transpersonal, EMDR and Mindfulness-Based orientations, and use somatic methods as well to complement our discussions and inquiry . Most importantly I seek to offer a safe, open and welcoming space for you to meet and explore your sense of self, your life experience and the challenges you may be facing at this time. I have found this to be the basis for discovering your own capacity to make meaningful change and growth in your life. My areas of specialization include treatment of Depression, Anxiety, Eating Disorders, Trauma, Grief, Family and Relationship Difficulties. As a trained Career Counselor I can also utilize assessments and counseling to help guide you toward career and vocational satisfaction. Hakomi Training, EFT training for couples','6072185499');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(177,66125,'Rama Ronen','I have a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology and extensive experience working with individuals, families and children of all ages. My approach includes Cognitive Behavioral Psychotherapy and I also incorporate Mindfulness and Dialectical Behavioral principles in my practice. I specialize in working with emotionally and behaviorally challenged children, depression, anxiety, loss and grief. My non-judgmental approach can help you identify, express and gain clarity about the challenges you may face. I can guide you to learn and apply creative, effective skills in a supportive and validating environment. I also work with expectant, new, and experienced mothers, providing support and helping develop useful skills during this transition time. I can also provide home visits if necessary. Entelechy Wellness Center donates 5% of proceeds to charity. Please visit our charities page to find a list of charities that we support.','4153902472');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(178,136957,'Gloria Diaz','Hi! I am an expert therapist specialized on Brief Therapy and supervised by the main reference on this methodology. With more than 7 years of experience, I am currently counseling in East Palo Alto schools and teaching several Master program classes. We will discover and emphasize the resources you have, as they will help us find the change that you need in order to get over your problematic situation. Brief Therapy is about trying to be effective in solving the problem and also effective time wise, because I do not want more suffering for you. I''m looking for a change in your actions that will create other changes as snow ball. Respect, responsibility and ethic are very important. I am constantly attending familiar and school crisis within a systemic approach, working with couples, families and individuals (kids and adolescents too). I will be very happy to meet you and, as a team, put the pieces in place and get the change you need to solve the problem.','4156302221');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(179,246714,'Anna Lomovskaya','I am a Licensed Marriage &amp; Family Therapist in the Bay Area. I have a diverse background working with a broad range of clients, including adults , teens, families, and children. In my practice I focus on helping clients discover their path towards inner healing and self-acceptance through exploration of deeper meaning and intellectual inquiry. I have experience of working both with people suffering from serious mental health issues and those seeking guidance in dealing with the struggles of everyday existence I guide my clients in accessing creative thinking that involves both analytic and imaginative parts of the mind. The ability to hold multiple perspectives and emotions helps my clients manage personal life issues, relationships, and creative pursuits. Owing to my personal background, I have an intimate understanding of the struggles associated with immigration and cultural assimilation. My practice is guided by non-judgmental acceptance, empathy, and expanded cultural sensitivity. I am a bilingual therapist and can provide service in both Russian and English.','4159677247');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(180,174258,'Benjamin Page','Welcome. Would you like to better understand yourself and your current situation and make things better? Would you like to connect better with other people? I would like to help. I am a warm and understanding person and provide empathic, nonjudgmental therapy in which you can explore, discover, understand, and grow in the direction(s) that you want, at your own pace, and in your own way. I would be happy to talk with you about what you are looking for and how we might work together to help you get there. In addition to individual therapy, I also lead therapy groups, where members grow by relating to one another with increasing openness and spontaneity. Relating openly to others is exciting, re-vitalizing, and liberating. Plus, it feels meaningful to belong to a small committed group working toward a common goal. Please visit my website for more information about my individual and group therapy services, frequently answered questions about group therapy, and flyers for the therapy groups I offer.','4087248241');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(181,33659,'Kevin Campbell','Do you sabotage yourself or behave in ways that lead to your relationships ending or being distant and unfulfilled? Do you underperform or underutilize your potential at work and in life in general? Is your creativity blocked? Are you unable to grieve your losses and move forward? Do anxiety and depression plague you? If so, my approach to psychotherapy could help you heal and move on with your life in a more rewarding and productive way. I practice Intensive Short-Term Dynamic Psychology (ISTDP) and Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR). They are both based upon thirty years of clinical research designed to determine the most effective and efficient ways to rapidly achieve change. My approach is focused and structured. My approach is collaborative and I am active and involved during sessions. I am compassionate and challenging while encouraging you to heal and live more fully. My patients often tell me that we''ve accomplished more in our first few sessions than they have in years of previous treatment.','5107303461');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(182,58195,'Adrienne Krawetz','Welcome to our practice website. We are a group of licensed Professional mental health providers who specialize in providing psychotherapy for teens, families and adults. We are located in the Peninsula which is a part of the greater San Francisco Bay area. We have three different office locations; Redwood City, Palo Alto, and San Jose California. We branch from the mid peninsula to the South Bay Area. We have sixteen years of experience working with adolescents and families. We help with a number of issues from Depression, Anxiety, Addiction, Behavioral problems, Phobias, Couples/ Marital conflicts, Spectrum Disorders, History of trauma/sexual abuse survivors. We are sensitive to Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer and Intersex issues. And SE HABLA ESPANOL! PLEASE GIVE US A CALL, WE CAN HELP YOU! With 16 years of experience working with adolescents and their families I specialize in a few areas of treatment: * Depression and Anxiety * Relationship Problems * Grief and Loss * Work and Career issues * Stress Management * Addiction &amp; Recovery * Parenting and Family Issues * Conflict Resolution In a comfortable and supportive atmosphere, clients are able achieve the personal growth they desire.','6507413108');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(183,40516,'Fred Peipman','Are you looking to move on with your life and not be bogged down by stress, depression, or anxiety? Are you frustrated with parenting a teenager or young adult? Do you have issues in your relationship that need some repairs? If you are ready for action, I have a direct and no-nonsense approach that gets you results.I am known for my warmth, compassion, blunt honesty, irreverence, and sense of humor. I provide solution-focused cognitive-behavioral therapy and coaching. I specialize in working with aviation and technology industry professionals, parents, adolescents and young adults, and couples. *Family &amp; relationship repairs *Personal, ADHD, relationship, and Parenting Coaching *Technology (tech) and Aviation/Airline professionals *Relationship rescues *Online video and telephone coaching and consulting','5104570706');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(184,227371,'Ayelet Kattan','I am a Licensed Psychologist and ACF Faculty at Stanford University. I specialize in helping people with anxiety, interpersonal/relationship issues, low self-worth/depression, intense emotions, sleep and life transitions. I enjoy helping many of my clients attain more satisfying relationships, connect with their values and aspirations, and be more authentic with themselves and others. I have 10+ years of experience providing evidence-based therapy, and aim to provide you with high quality, compassionate, and individualized care. My approach is warm and collaborative, yet active and goal oriented. I utilize cutting-edge, scientifically-validated treatments, including CBT, Mindfulness and DBT, while leveraging your strengths and enhancing resilience. Most importantly, I custom tailor these interventions to meet your unique needs, coming up with a treatment plan that is highly effective and long-lasting. I completed my postdoctoral fellowship in clinical psychology at Stanford University School of Medicine where I specialized in evidence-based treatments for anxiety, depression and interpersonal problems. In addition to my private practice, I am passionate about teaching and supervising psychology fellows and therapists, and teach postdoctoral fellows and psychologists at Stanford University.','6509008455');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(185,238602,'EMDR Empowerment ','As a dedicated professional you have invested lots into your work &amp; feel good about what you have accomplished. Maybe you couldn''t find time or room for relationships but now you want love. Or maybe you are unhappy in your relationship/marriage &amp; want connection. Sometimes just thinking about repairing a relationship or online dating can be overwhelming, right? Then these doubts come to mind &amp; you think what if you can''t find anyone better, you''re not that attractive, you''re not fit enough, who would want to date you, relationships are hard &amp; you mess them up, it''s hopeless... Wait, there is another way to think about dating and relationships. How good would it feel to be in love? How happy would you be to be in relationship with your ideal partner? I love empowering people in having their ideal relationship and EMDR helps that happen. How, you ask? EMDR silences the doubt, builds confidence, heals the past hurt and allows you to feel good about love &amp; relationships. How amazing to be your best self in your ideal relationship. Would you like to get started and experience a breakthrough EMDR session, give me a call (855) 293-0748.','8552930748');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(186,117172,'Patrick Whalen','My clients come from a wide range of personal experiences, challenges, orientations, economic means, and cultural backgrounds. The problems faced are extremely varied. No problem is too small or too large for us to work with productively. There may be no clear cut solutions and often life is messy, unpredictable, and not exactly what we had hoped for or intended for ourselves and others; that being said, a healthy and caring relationship combined with thoughtful boundaries and a refined view and tools for promoting healing, skillful thought and behavior, and strengthening social bonds goes a long way towards inner peace. I specialize in individual adult, late adolescent, and romantic relationship therapy. I enjoy diversity of all kinds in my work. I typically see individuals for one year or more; couples, four to six months. Once a week is usually the minimum commitment in the beginning, more frequently has advantages. I teach meditation to interested individuals and groups. In recent years, there has been a large spike of interest within the scientific community, investigating the psychological and physical health benefits of meditation. The evidence has been overwhelmingly favorable -- meditation is a powerful cultivation practice.','6507275248');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(187,180888,'Kelly Kilcoyne','Do you find yourself having too many days feeling frustrated, sad, or alone? Are there too many problems in your relationships? Have the changes you''ve hoped for continued to evade you? Or have life events left you with unresolved feelings? If you''re worrying about your child or teen, feeling depressed, anxious, grieving, or facing a life transition, I can help. For over 10 years I have been helping people improve their relationships, deal successfully with their problems, and live life on their own terms. Research has shown that the quality of our relationship is important for your success in therapy. With this in mind, my approach involves a warm, caring and attentive style of listening and exploring, and I will work with you to help you find your way. I have comfortable, convenient offices in downtown San Mateo, and Palo Alto. Each offers a private, confidential, and safe setting. Please call me to schedule an appointment or get more information. Thank you, and I look forward to hearing from you.','6504904412');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(188,184412,'Paul Roy','Thank you for visiting my profile. If you are looking to take a step toward enhanced growth and well-being in your life, please continue reading! I work primarily with couples and with individual adults. My areas of expertise include couple therapy, depression and anxiety, conflict resolution, and spirituality and religious issues. I have been licensed in California since 1989 and have more than 35 years of experience as a psychotherapist, educator, and group leader. My therapeutic approach is informed by my training in psychodynamic psychotherapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and new research in neuroscience. I provide support and practical feedback to help clients effectively address personal life challenges. I help people build on their strengths and attain the personal growth they are committed to accomplishing. In addition to my work as a therapist, I speak to groups on the topics of relationship issues, conflict resolution and peacemaking, stress management, and spirituality in everyday life. I also facilitate an on-going Men''s Group.','4086101201');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(189,208395,'Emily Cross','I have a passion for working with people who are hurting and trying to figure out how to cope with life''s struggles. I do not believe we are meant to barely survive, just getting by, day to day. I believe we are meant to thrive and find ways to enjoy life, even when going through hard times. I also believe mental illness such as depression is a healing emotion alerting us something must change in order to nurture our self. I would love to meet you and see if we make a good fit. If you struggle with depression, Mood Disorders, anxiety, grief I would love to chat with you and see if I may be a good fit to walk with you through this struggle. I utilize DBT and CBT within therapy. I also love working with couples utilizing the Gottman approach. I am a Christian that has a special Niche for working with other Christians who may be wounded and needing a Christian therapist. I do not push my beliefs on anyone, but welcome those who are also searching, wrestling, or do not find themselves in this faith at all.','8319206999');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(190,192788,'Phyllis Klein','A large part of my life''s purpose is to help women, men, and couples cope with and heal from life''s traumas. I believe in therapy as a way to heal, starting with a caring relationship. Accidents, health issues, disease, child abuse (sexual, physical, emotional, or neglect), family problems, grief and loss, etc. can be traumatic. Problems add up and cause complex layers of stress and challenge over time. People say that I am warm and caring, I listen carefully, am patient, sensitive, and don''t give up. I pay special attention to making the space safe for you. I work with complex traumas as well as clear cut problems. Trauma therapy is deeply personal. I offer you respect, acceptance, and hope in knowing that there are many tools to cope with the emotions that arise in working out your trauma. I use techniques such as EMDR to deepen and shorten your therapy, Focusing Oriented Therapy for awareness and somatic healing, Writing Therapy, for finding your voice, Restorative Yoga, for grounding and connecting with your body. These techniques are optional depending on what you need and want.','4156302326');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(191,39847,'Larry O','My style is collaborative, and by virtue of my humor authentic. I draw from several theories, but my understanding of people relies on listening and checking whether I''m getting them. I don''t just sit mute or blank faced. I provide other possibilities of understanding themselves and their lives. If I offer suggestions or strategies, I check whether they''re are helpful, or how they can be better for their circumstances. People have expressed I get them, and the nuances of their situation, and feel respected as equals working with me. Using Fromm''s idea, "The right to express our thoughts means something only if we are able to have thoughts of our own." I encourage couples to develop differentiation through communication, balancing connection with individuality; to help deepen involvement in the relationship while maintaining a sense of self within it. Often desire to change is a reaction to dissatisfaction, with our selves, relationships, or current circumstances. Unfortunately, reaction causes us to overlook our existing qualities, for unrealistic expectations, not what''s already there. This invalidates who we are, what we''re actually trying to realize, potentially making change more bewildering.','4157020951');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(192,225566,'Kate Kaplan','I am a licensed psychologist helping individuals overcome sleep difficulties, anxiety, stress, and depression. My approach to treatment is warm and collaborative; we work together to figure out areas of strength as well as what might benefit from change. I practice evidence-based treatments supported by scientific research, including Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and mindfulness-based approaches. These treatments are brief and generally provide rapid relief from distress. Therapy focuses on improving well-being by working with thoughts, feelings and behaviors, learning tools and skills that will remain even as therapy ends. I received my PhD in Clinical Psychology from UC Berkeley and completed a fellowship at Stanford University specializing in anxiety, depression and sleep treatment using evidence-based approaches. In addition to my private practice, I conduct research at Stanford on sleep and mood disorders and supervise training therapists. I believe significant change can be achieved with the help of good therapy. The treatments I practice are shorter-term, solution-focused and oriented towards present concerns. I invite you to learn more about my background and my approach by visiting my website at www.katekaplanphd.com.','6502854707');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(193,147812,'Qin Fan','While we all share the universal human condition, how we understand, express, and manage our emotions varies vastly based on our unique history and cultural blueprint. As a licensed clinical psychologist, I help adults, couples and adolescents address a wide range of concerns including relationships, depression and anxiety, school or work, parenting, loss and grief, and acculturation. I also have a specialty in reproductive mental health, assisting individuals and couples facing challenges related to fertility and assisted reproductive technologies. I am fluent in Chinese and French for those who need monolingual or bilingual sessions. I value a trusting, open, nonjudgmental, and collaborative process and am committed to supporting people in their journey toward clarity, transformation, and wellbeing. You can find more information about my background and practice on my website: www.drqinfan.com.','4155240386');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(194,104590,'Leena Khanzode','I am tranied in both Adult and Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry from Stanford Hospital and Clinics. I am also an experienced Board certified Psychiatrist.I provide quality,evidence based treatment to help individuals and families overcome difficulties and lead happier, more productive lives. I believe in a holistic approach to address your concerns through careful evaluation and psychotherapy and medication management. I offer treatment including both psychotherapy and medication management, for a wide variety of psychiatric disorders for all ages including Children, Adolescents and Adults. I provide Cognitive Behavioral therapy (CBT), Interpersonal therapy (IPT, Mindfullness based psychotherapy,family therapy and Parent training. I have a special interest in Mood disorders, anxiety disorder, ADHD and parent training for parents with kids who have been diagnosed with ADHD. I have expertise in managing Pediatric Bipolar disorder due to the privilege of an extensive clinical and research experience in the Pediatric Mood disorders clinic at Stanford. I have trained in psychiatry both in India and USA.Based on the special privilege of training in the West and the East, I have developed a broad cultural perspective combined with a healthy respect for the biological dimension of Psychiatry. I strive to serve the immigrant and bicultural families.','6502625598');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(195,171276,'Jennifer Nam','"It''s time to start living the life you''ve only imagined" Making changes in one''s life can be very challenging, but can be rewarding. I offer a warm, compassionate, and collaborative environment, and I will work with you to tailor clinical interventions to fit your needs and goals. I am a Stanford University-trained clinical psychologist with specialties in the treatment of mood disorders (depression and bipolar disorders), emotion dysregulation issues, anxiety disorders, relationship issues, and in working with individuals struggling with trauma-related issues. Please visit my website for more information www.drjennifernam.com I use evidence-based treatments that have a proven record for success. My approach integrates therapies such as CBT, DBT, Mindfulness, and ACT. I am also part of The Palo Alto Psychology Group, a partnership of Stanford-trained psychologists dedicated to evidence-based treatment. Visit us at www.paloaltopsychologygroup.com As well, I am an Asian-American therapist who is informed about issues surrounding race and ethnicity within the Asian-American culture. I believe that therapy and working on life changes and goals happens within the context of one''s identity and culture. Please visit my website for more information.','6503004955');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(196,42513,'Jamal Granick','I practice transpersonal psychotherapy - which means I think you are more than the sum of your parts. I have conversations with people that help them make sense of their lives and move forward by getting out of their own way. Most recently, I have been incorporating a somatic approach in my work, as it is often a more immediate way to access what is happening for people at a deeper level.','4156973147');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(197,70715,'Sophia Ott','Are you in the midst of a challenging or confusing time despite the success you''ve achieved? Do you want to speak your mind without judgment or bias and receive new ideas and perspectives delivered with compassion? Using research supported solutions, my goal is to help you cultivate a more abundant life. You''ll probably feel more engaged, excited, hopeful, and able to manage the obstacles life throws at you with less fear, anxiety, avoidance, and negativity. I''m excited to partner with you to find answers and solutions. I know what it''s like to face stress-filled circumstances with competing priorities. I also know what it takes to overcome them and create a life that is full, blessed, and satisfying. I create a safe place to process confusing events, teach you how to create change, provide honest yet gentle feedback, and bring a transparent authenticity to the experience of living life successfully, content, and with Joy. Call me today to discuss working together!','4088377914');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(198,43380,'Brad Novak','As a Board Certified psychiatrist, I practice the biopsychosocial model of psychiatry in which biological, psychological and social factors are all taken into consideration in order to implement the most comprehensive treatment plan for the individual. I strive to stay up to date with the ever changing field of psychiatric medications while at the same time not lose the skill and art of psychotherapy. I graduated from the Stanford University Psychiatry Residency where I served as Chief Resident of Psychiatry in the academic year 2003-2004. I also completed a one year fellowship at U.C. Davis in forensic psychiatry. As a psychopharmacologist, I attempt to maintain the highest scientific standards and practice evidence based medicine. I also consider alternative treatment modalities including herbal therapies and exercise. As a psychotherapist, I strive to offer caring and empathetic treatment. I have a preference towards offering long term therapy. I believe in the importance of having a collaborative working relationship among the client''s psychiatrist, therapist and primary care physician. I maintain academic affilations at the Stanford and U.C.S.F departments of psychiatry. For more information about my practice please visit my website at www.sfpsychiatrylaw.com','6509249685');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(199,221333,'Edna Wallace','It''s difficult to start a course of therapy. But if you''re in emotional pain, it can feel like moods and issues are running your life rather than you doing so. This can leave you feeling lost, confused, and distressed. When you''re under this dark cloud, it can be very helpful to talk to an experienced objective outsider in a safe, confidential, and professional yet intimate setting. My goal is to work together to recognize hindrances and unhelpful patterns and to accentuate personal strengths in order to regain a sense of agency and equanimity in your life. I work with a diverse population. In addition to private practice, I work at a hospital program treating patients suffering from depression or anxiety. Thus, I have a wholehearted understanding of how completely that can affect people''s lives. My specialties include: alternative lifestyles, issues related to aging, life transitions, grief and loss, moods. I have almost 10 years experience in the mental health field. I have been trained in Positive Psychology, Object Relations, Group therapy constructs, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, and Mindfulness (DBT) coping skills. These methods can help alleviate symptoms of depression or anxiety and address debilitating aspects of trauma. For more information, see www.ednawallace.com.','6502739927');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(200,117875,'Monika Broecker','I provide Solution-Focused short and long-term Psychotherapy, Somatic (body-centered) Psychotherapy, Career Coaching and Leadership Development; in person, via phone and online. Our work will enable you to live a purposeful and sustainable life and deal with life''s challenges with more ease. I work with adults, adolescents and children; with individuals and families; with students on performance and anxiety issues; with couples in crisis to improve communication and emotional connection/intimacy. I incorporate mindfulness: being in the body in the present moment and living from your own true self. Extended Hours. Call or email now. I''ve had a 20+ year career in Manager and Leader Development, Career Development/Coaching. I built and led Google''s School of Personal Growth, I work with performance issues, stress management, burnout, teamwork, problems with co-workers/managers, career development, moving into self-employment, creating meaningful/fulfilling work, etc. I offer the 6-session solution-focused program "Working with the Emotional Body", which focuses on Grounding, Breath, Range of Emotion, Intentional Purpose and Energy. I am certified in Analytic Somatic Therapy, a further development of Bioenergetic Analysis. I am also certified in (brief and solution-focused) Systemic (Family) Therapy.','6502411330');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(201,163463,'Meghan Howe','Hello! I am a licensed clinical social worker that specializes in children, adolescents, and adults with mood disorders, or those, due to genetics, who are at high risk for mood disorders. For the past 10 years, I have worked with Dr. Chang in the Pediatric Bipolar Disorders Program at Stanford creating and modifying therapeutic treatment modalities for children and families. For this reason, I am best suited for clients with bipolar disorder, depression, ADHD, anxiety disorders, and behavioral difficulties. I see the most success when I am permitted to work with the client and the family. I use a combination of the following models to help families with mood disorders: family focused therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, mindfulness based CBT, dialectical behavior therapy, &amp; mindfulness based stress reduction. Evidence suggests that these models significantly reduce mood symptoms/ episodes, increase emotional stability and medication adherence, and decease suicidal thoughts. I have co-authored many articles about pediatric bipolar disorder, this provides a vast amount of knowledge and experience from which I work. I believe each client will bring an uniqueness that relies on my ability to fine tune therapeutic models so the client''s needs always come first.','6504897742');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(202,169208,'Hannah Duvon','I specialize in helping adults and children of all ages with anxiety, depression, behavior problems, attachment issues, social learning problems, oppositional behaviors, ADHD and issues of inattention, Austism spectrum behaviors, and developmental and learning disorders. I also help parents who need support and parenting coaching around attachment, bonding, discipline, limit setting,managing behaviors, support with IEPs. For the early intervention part of my practice, I see parents and young children with issues around separation anxiety, lack of self soothing, self harming, attachment with parents, and developmental delays (language, gross motor, social emotional development, etc.) I specialize in early intervention, developmental screenings, behavioral intervention, attachment and bonding, child trauma and adoption. Behavioral Specialist: work closely with the parent/child to replace negative behaviors with positive, parent and child relationship. For more info regarding trainings, parent support groups, and therapy, email at hannah_duvon@yahoo.com. Also work with very young children (infants and toddlers) doing parent and child attachment therapy, developmental screenings for early detections of developmental delays: speech, gross/fine motor, social emotional learning, brain development, etc. I provide early intervention through teaching parents to work closely with children to foster healthy development.','4088685542');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(203,241297,'Sara Gifford','I provide a compassionate, collaborative approach to therapy, whether it be for depression, anxiety, trauma, relationship or parenting issues, or what has brought you to seek help. My practice involves tailoring the method to fit the client, in order to strengthen your resources and create the changes you are longing for. I believe that every person''s journey through life is unique, but not without struggle, and am committed to helping you feel safe, engaged, and above all, to be a dedicated partner in navigating your healing process. In conjunction with traditional verbal therapy, I bring the option of integrating a somatic approach in order to deepen the therapeutic experience. Through this process, we explore the function of the body in emotional healing, as informed by my 30 years of mind-body practice (yoga, dance, mindfulness, and qi gong). I am experienced in working with individuals, couples, parents, and children from a wide range of backgrounds and issues, including military service members, veterans, individuals with disabilities and their family members, and people of all sexual orientations.','6503895655');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(204,107318,'Debra Melmon','Therapy is the collaborative interaction between client and practitioner, both an art and a science. My practice is goal oriented and active, an ecclectic blend of cognitive behavioral, psychodynamic and mindfullness orientations customized to the unique needs of the client. Whether you are young or old, suffer from depressed and anxiety or seeking clarity, I offer myself as a professional and companion in self exploration. Grief and loss is my specialty. If you are facing the overwhelming emotions that come with a terminal illness or are grieving the loss of a loved one, I can help. My practice is honest, non-judgmental and accepting.','6507279974');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(205,95941,'Kait Philbin','Are you smart and successful but feel stuck for some reason? Are you trying to develop better relationships, change career paths, or achieve personal and professional excellence? In a thought-partnering process of inquiry and personal discovery, I help you identify what you want and what is standing in your way, and focus on you taking action toward your vision, goals and desires while providing you structure, support and feedback. I develop leadership skills of high-potential people guiding them into increased competence, commitment, and confidence. As a Doctor of Psychology (PhD), a nationally Board Certified Coach (BCC), and member of the International Coach Federation, (ICF), I am highly trained and devoted to helping you uncover important truths about yourself, your values, and your deepest wishes so you can maximize your personal and professional potential.','6505176292');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(206,168660,'Bahar Hashemi','I was trained in both adult psychiatry and sub-specialized in child/adolescent psychiatry at Stanford University. In my work, I place an emphasis on a holistic approach to care, providing therapy and medication management when appropriate. I truly enjoy the work I do, please visit www.baharhashemimd.com for more info!','6502065462');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(207,109771,'Eric Fitzmedrud','I am accepting new clients. I have afternoon and evening availability. I am a licensed psychologist and I provide psychotherapy for individuals and couples. I provide a comfortable professional atmosphere where we can work together to improve your relationships, put your past behind you, help you become the romantic and sexual partner you want to be, decrease your symptoms, increase your coping skills, and/or help you accomplish your life goals. I have an active style that helps clients stop negative emotional patterns and begin using new skills during sessions. Call for a 15-minute consultation. To help you with romantic relationship difficulties, I start by hearing about the challenge, enhancing the reasons to hope, and developing at least one new thing to do after the 1st session so you can begin making improvements as soon as possible. I love working with clients with all types of sexual diversity. As a diversity-minded therapist, I know it can be important to have a therapist who knows about the history, values, and experience of your community. I also know that your experience of your diversity is unique.','6503858817');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(208,76072,'Monica Stone','I can be most helpful to you if you are interested in growing yourself and your own potential for intimacy and sexuality, as an individual, or as a couple. Rather than identifying what''s "wrong" with you, I work with you to identify your strengths and the ways that those strengths can be brought to bear on the challenges you are experiencing. My work involves assisting you (and your partner) to develop the capacity to balance your desire for autonomy with your desire for connection. It is by bringing those apparently opposite needs together, that you will reach your potential. I am an AASECT Certified Sex Therapist which means I have had extensive training in Human Sexuality. I also teach Human Sexuality to Counseling Psychology students at Santa Clara University. I have studied and trained with Dr. David Schnarch (author of Passionate Marriage) for over 15 years. I have extensive training in helping you and your partner to resolve "the common cold of marriage" desire discrepancy. Desire discrepancy means that one of you wants sex more often or more varied than the other. I see this as a natural process of marriage, rather than something going wrong.','6505167789');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(209,50032,'Kali Hess','When your life is painful and you have worries that overwhelm you, it helps to speak with someone who can help you experience your life and relationships from a new perspective. You and I will collaborate to bring about shifts in thoughts and feelings that can promote a more creative engagement with life, better connections with the people around you, and the ability to make better choices. I have over 20 years experience in treating the depression and anxiety that come from ways of being and thinking that have become damaging.','6503858880');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(210,128656,'Bella Ouaknine','Do you feel stuck or overwhelmed by life''s challenges? Are you struggling with anxiety, depression, or shame? Do you wish you could lead a more fulfilling and satisfying relationships with your partner, family, or friends? Therapy can be the first step in your journey towards healing and transformation. I offer a safe, non-judgmental space for you to express yourself fully and heal. Together we will explore what is holding you back from having the life you want. I am an interactive and straightforward therapist and I will work with you to help you make the changes you desire. My therapeutic work is informed by my training in psychology as well as eastern spiritual traditions. I integrate contemporary psychological approaches with holistic, body-awareness, and mindfulness-based therapeutic orientations. I specialise working with adults and adolescents struggling with: relationships, anxiety, transitions, self-esteem, body-image, and grief and loss. My background in mindfulness-based therapy will help you deepen your connection with yourself and with others. We will work through your struggles together so you can feel whole again and make your life the way you want it. Call to schedule a free consultation.','4082170879');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(211,199508,'Patricia Carlson','Beginning personal therapy is a very important step in improving the quality of your life and your relationships. I believe we all have the potential to better understand ourselves and our deepest needs. I provide professional, confidential guidance using cognitive, psychodynamic and existential therapeutic modalities, as you explore those areas which most concern you. I have worked successfully with clients to address issues around depression, anxiety, loss, transition, domestic abuse and divorce, among many others. I have extensive experience with adolescents and their families, working to restore communication and understanding between parents and their children, and helping young people navigate important developmental milestones in a healthy way. I have additional training in substance abuse, and mindfulness based stress reduction.','6508307166');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(212,102289,'Eman Fallah','I have more than twenty years of training in healing methods from Eastern and Western Psychology and have helped many hundreds relieve debilitating stress, depression, and anxiety so that they may more fully tap into their own inner strengths and resources. I specialize in cutting edge methods such as Gendlin''s Focusing, Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, and Mindfulness Based Cognitive Therapy and Buddhist Psychology. I offer an effective integrated approach in therapy and coaching. I work mainly with people going through life transitions, addictions/compulsions, and identity crises. I have been practicing meditation since 1995 and my work is often informed by the principles of Buddhist philosophy. In addition to my training in Eastern methods, I have had an exceptional clinical education through scientifically rigorous and progressive training programs approved by the American Psychological Association. I am an ''Out of Network'' provider for all insurance carriers and can facilitate the reimbursement process for your insurance. Please visit my website basicsanity.com for more information or to schedule a free telephone consultation.','6502414447');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(213,93879,'Martha Cravens','Are you a parent of a teen and feeling overwhelmed or unhappy with your parenting? In an intimate relationship that feels like it''s going nowhere? I work with parents, couples, and individuals to help them with relational and life issues. My specialties include: - families with "challenging" teens, working directly with parents to support them in shifting their stance to support their teen to be their best. Common issues include feeling overwhelmed, micromanaging and finding that it''s just not working, anger, frustration, and loss. - Couples who are stuck in behavior patterns and wish for new intimacy and vitality in their relationship. - Individuals feeling stuck, confused, or unsupported. - I have a subspecialty of working with families when children come back from therapeutic boarding school, wilderness, or addiction treatment. I am also part of a DBT Consultation Group and practice in Redwood City. We specialize in teaching skills to handle emotional and mental dysregulation. We are also offering classes in the newest form of DBT, RO-DBT, which teaches skills to deal with over control (perfectionism, emotional rigidity, etc).','6505046781');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(214,189035,'Quyen Tiet','I was trained at Yale and Columbia University. Currently, I am a Clinical Associate Professor at Stanford University (affiliate) and a professor at the California School of Professional Psychology. I am a licensed Clinical Psychologist and I have over 25 years of experience working with individuals and families from diverse backgrounds and on extremely challenging issues. In addition to my clinical experiences, my knowledge from many years of teaching also enables me to tailor my work to fit your unique preferences and personality. I focus on your strengths to maximize your gains from therapy. Some of the common issues I work with are relationship issues, stress management, self-development, cultural issues, trauma, anxiety, depression, and addictions. I have published in many of these areas, and you can use Google Scholar to search my name for the work I have done and published. Please go to my website for a full description of my expertise at: http://tietq2.wix.com/quyen-tiet','6504222723');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(215,198600,'Nadia Georgiou','Thank you for visiting my page. Deciding to start a therapeutic relationship is a very important decision that can help us better understand ourselves and improve our lives. I work with teens and young adults that experience anxiety and depression due to academic and social pressure. I use dialectical behavior therapy model to help teens learn and use coping tools that help them reduce the symptoms of depression and anxiety. In addition to dialectical behavior therapy, I use combination of psychodynamic theory that allow me to bring past, present and future together. While honoring the present, I help you explore elements from your past that contributes to your present experiences while we work on your goals for the future. My background includes BA in Nursing; MA in International relations, which helps me better navigate biological, socio - economic and cross - cultural components when developing a treatment plan. I provide individual therapy for children, young adults and adults.','6505164688');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(216,94545,'Valerie Sher','When coping styles or life experiences challenge our ability to navigate the world, we often need a guide to help get a different perspective and learn new skills. Chronic distressful emotions/stress, burnout, negative inner dialogue, communication and relationship problems, problematic conflict styles, unmet needs/desires, trauma symptoms, and other difficulties lead to emotional distress and disease. Decode your emotions, manage stress/anxiety, cultivate wisdom, move from depression to finding your passion, resolve grief/trauma and help reclaim your joy, transform unhealthy habits, improve relationships while focusing on what''s meaningful for a lifetime of self-awareness and acceptance. We get wounded in relationship, we get healed in relationship. My specialty focuses on relational health and the body''s ability to manage stress, anxiety, rest, and be in healthy relationship with ourself/others -- relationship/sexuality, trauma resolution (sexual/physical abuse, early bonding issues, shock trauma), anxiety/stress, grief/loss. I use an eclectic approach that accesses the mind/body/spirit for a holistic approach to wellness. Tops down (cognitive/wisdom approaches), bottoms up (body symptoms/sensations, emotions, the unconscious) to discover parts of the psyche that want expression while holding the spiritual aspects of human existence and meaning making.','4086596645');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(217,53317,'Sarah Burdge','My ideal client is anyone who is willing and interested to understand themselves more fully. S/he will see therapy as a potentially long term process leading towards a more fulfilling and full life. S/he will be open to including spiritual inquiry at various points of the therapy as appropriate. Relationship is the foundation of any impactful therapeutic work, thus I work very relationally in addtion to existentialy, transpersonally and psychodynamically. I have extensive experience working with individuals with a history of trauma of all sorts. I enjoy working with individuals dealing with sexuality issues and/or cultural issues. I have a sold clinical background but am also trained in various transpersonal modalities. This allows me to be present with my clients in a more holistic matter.','6502748004');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(218,57064,'Laura Hollands-Steck','I believe everyone deserves some time to sit down with a strong listener and/or problem solver about their life. The feedback that I receive is, that I empathize &amp; mirror the key issues quickly and help you brainstorm. I then help you get at "reframing" the negative situations and help you motivate and prioritize what is needed to do to actually change. I can work well with mood issues, chaos, panic, addictions and all relationship issues. Every session you should walk away with substantial suggestions to help in different areas. I also work with work career issues, parenting, and women with breast cancer. 25 years using a variety of methods from talk therapy to hypnosis. All issues as well as career counseling and Leadership Business coaching. I will help you set Goals, brainstorm and motivate you. You can gain insight about the themes and problems so that you recognize the issues and can get results. I''m happy to talk by phone for 10-15 minutes to see if we have a fit. I do prefer people to work weekly for at least 6 months but we can make a difference quickly. I can cut through complex situations and will believe in you until you get the results you want.','6502579441');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(219,131657,'Pamela Singer','While there are many reasons people seek therapy, one thought is central: something has to change. Considering this idea takes tremendous courage. It can also bring tremendous reward. Change is not always easy, but it is possible. Therapy can be a powerful tool in this process by helping you gain insight, support, and confidence to develop new patterns and behaviors. As a clinical psychologist, I work collaboratively with people to identify the source of their pain and empower them to resolve it using evidenced-based treatments such as cognitive behavioral therapy, dialectical behavioral therapy, and mindfulness-based therapies. I have a special interest in working with disruptions of the mind-body connection, which often relate to trauma, eating disorders, and anxiety. With tools to help you stay present and master your nervous system, we can work together to greatly reduce the pain that accompanies a mind-body disconnect. I believe people are inherently strong and resilient, and can reconnect with those parts of themselves in environments where they are not judged, receive understanding, and work toward their own goals. I would welcome the opportunity to speak with you more about how I can assist you in your work.','6504890916');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(220,143295,'Yasmin Philipos','"She has a good life and nothing to complain about", one may say about you, but the truth is you feel lost and empty inside. You wonder, if you really opened up to your others, would they still hang around. You feel alone and anxious when surrounded by people. You want to have more of a drive to nurture yourself. You are not sure what holds you back. You want to start living, not just thinking about it. You are ready to thrive not survive - in your relationship with yourself and others. My speciality is working with girls and women struggling with anxiety, anger, and/or low self-esteem issues. As therapy progresses, my clients feel empowered to be the person they want to be - connecting with themselves and others in ways that reduce their symptoms. Having immigrated to the US from India 20 years ago, I am passionate about working with immigrants and multicultural families. l provide therapy services in Hindi too. I look forward to speaking with you! -Yasmin','6502298925');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(221,53191,'Catherine Boyce','Are you feeling stressed out or down? Wish that you had the energy to enjoy the things you used to do or fulfill your dreams of a happy life? Are you struggling in your relationships? Want to rekindle the romance in your marriage? Looking for tools to help you be a better partner, parent, or friend? Are you going through a difficult life transition? Have you lost someone dear and need the support of someone who understands your grief? Call me, Catherine Boyce MFT, at 650.321.4673 (321-HOPE). I''m here to help you discover resources to cope with your current life challenges. Whether you are seeking help in working through depression, anxiety, life transitions, relationship or parenting issues, my skills and experience combined with a compassionate, personalized approach to exploring your concerns will foster the growth and change you seek. I practice from an interpersonal process perspective -- taking into account your history and family dynamics and how that impacts your current relationships. I join with you in a safe and supportive environment to help you access your strengths and resources. We will work as a team to help you find a balanced and satisfying life.','6503214673');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(222,138035,'Jerod Gilbert','Are you concerned about your relationship with your partner, your children, or your job? Have you tried to figure it out but can''t seem to make sense of why things aren''t working? Do the evenings and weekends with your family seem like a chore? Do you feel stuck and want to do something but don''t know what to do? Somatic psychotherapy is a way of getting things moving, feeling more connected to yourself and to your world, and creating the space you need to grow and thrive! I work with supporting the social and emotional needs of gifted adolescents and adults. My skills and interests best serve those of you who seek: * Work / life balance * Parenting and relationship skills * Support with anxiety and depression * Support with maximizing your strengths and fulfilling your goals. I work relationally to discover insights and create change in your life. I am grounded and calming. I have extensive experience in somatic and mindfulness-based psychology. In addition to my private practice, I am a Clinical Supervisor for MFT interns.','6505138221');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(223,69009,'Matthew May','If you are suffering from anxiety or depression, would like better relationships or help overcoming an unwanted habit or addiction, I have good news for you. There are many new and powerful therapy methods that can lead to rapid and profound improvements and often complete cures. I would be honored to work with you, collaboratively and compassionately, to help you achieve your goals. You can find out more about me and my approach to therapy by going to my website. Just click on the link under "contact information", above.','6502097669');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(224,60544,'Pacific Anxiety Group','I have specialized in Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT) for adults with anxiety disorders for the past 10 years. My approach is both supportive and collaborative and is tailored to meet the needs of each client. I utilize the most up-to-date evidence-based treatment approaches, incorporating both CBT and acceptance-based strategies. I frequently work with individuals struggling with panic disorder/agoraphobia, social anxiety, phobias (e.g., fear of spiders), and worry. I also have extensive training in Exposure and Response Prevention (ERP) for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and frequently work with individuals with OC Spectrum Disorders. In addition to office visits, home-based treatment can be arranged for those seeking therapy for severe OCD, compulsive hoarding, agoraphobia, and other forms of anxiety/fear that occur in very specific environments. In addition to private practice, I am a clinical assistant professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University and serve as clinical psychologist in the Stanford Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders Program.','6509953615');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(225,210572,'Sonia Parikh','I provide thoughtful care to people with a focus on understanding and healing the deep-rooted sources of psychiatric symptoms. I supplement my biologic conceptualization of mental illness with my deep understanding of psychoanalytic thought, which enables me to think holistically about the human experience and pathologies that may arise. I only recommend medications when medically necessary. I am very cognizant of side effects and and so try to keep regimens simple when possible. I like to meet people where they are, and think together with them to tailor an individual treatment plan that fits their needs. I treat the entire spectrum of mental illness through an integrative approach -- with medications, psychotherapy and alternative treatments as needed. I have had extensive training in psychodynamic psychotherapy, substance use disorders, OCD, Anxiety, Adult ADHD, Schizophrenia, Bipolar, PTSD, and Depression. I am licensed to prescribe Suboxone for opiate replacement therapy. I am the recent winner of the 2015 Best of Los Altos for Psychiatrist, awarded by the City of Los Altos. I am also the co-founder of Savant Care, a group psychiatric practice in Los Altos where we believe in integrated interventions to improve your mental health.','6504698432');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(226,175182,'Dorothy Adams','Most of my clients tell me that they feel totally accepted by me for who they are. I see people from all walks of life who are coping with diverse life situations including problems with depression, anxiety, life transitions, relationship problems issues in marriage, family problems and more. I believe that we all have a natural ability to improve our lives. I am here to assist that process by helping you to see that there is no problem that is too big to tackle, one step at a time. I enjoy working with adults who are in transition in either career, school, relationships or going through the process of aging and life changes. I also provide couples counseling. My approach is the Gottman method of marriage counseling which I have found to be very effective. The first step in therapy is by far the most difficult. That is why I make my office a safe place for you to talk about what is troubling you. My approach is that of a guide to my clients as they travel their own path in life.','6502043467');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(227,158770,'Hagit Zeev','Hi and welcome! In my practice I treat people who are searching for deeper meaning and want to grow. I see life as a journey and therapy as support in challenging intersections. I work on deepening self awareness and mindfulness to solve inner conflicts. I have successfully worked with people struggling with stress issues, anxiety, trauma, grief and life transitions. In my own self work, I''ve learned to be in the present moment, allowing what needs to unfold to come forth without judgement. My training includes study and practice in the areas of IFS (Internal Family Systems), EFT (Emotional Freedom Technique), Yoga Psychology and Humanistic Existential Psychology.','6508263092');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(228,62922,'Maggie Smith','For almost 25 years, I have been practicing psychotherapy with individuals and couples. My intention is to create a healing environment and response for my clients so that they can find a happier, healthier life. I have helped clients deal with grief and loss, life transitions, divorce, recovery and addiction, relationships and a wide variety of other issues. Please, call or email me for further information or if you wish to make an appointment. My specialty is working with relationships. I believe that success in dealing with relationship to self and others is the core of finding a high level of well-being. I have had extensive personal work in dealing with issues of codependency and relationship.','6502048709');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(229,58451,'Nicholas Ney','Do you dream about a better life for yourself? A time and a place where your healthy self lines up with your best intentions and allows you to manifest new behavior? Can you believe you deserve this better life, but inner forces, such as anxiety, vagueness and low self-esteem, rise up and thwart you from attaining it? I specialize in helping individuals and couples find the courage to look at these and other stuck points. Two key areas of personal suffering I have some expertise with are money concerns and chemical dependency. Here"s a brief word about each: Whether you are financially secure for life, getting by comfortably, or struggling to keep up with your monthly expenses, I can help you manage your fears and find new answers. The same is true of chemical dependency challenges, whether you are battling abuse/dependency or are a concerned loved one. I am a clinical psychologist in private practice with over 18 years of licensed experience. I am on the adjunct clinical faculty of the Stanford University Department of Psychiatry. I have learned helpful strategies and tools that I can introduce you to so you may realize new and healthy choices.','6502097505');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(230,173368,'Wes Pederson','I have a down to earth, straight forward style, and use an integrative approach to therapy that is grounded in my Existential-Humanistic orientation. I also offer Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) and Radically Open DBT (RO-DBT) for clients struggling with substance abuse, chronic depression or anxiety, long standing life and relationship issues, suicidal thoughts/behavior, or related problems. In my work with clients, I generally focus on expanding awareness of self-in-relationship, ability to be present to feeling states, release of long-held emotional patterns, and development of essential life and coping skills. My primary area of focus is the process of self-realization, or embodying one''s authentic self in the deepest and most effective sense. This has been the focus of my research and personal practice for many years, and I believe is the most valuable thing I offer my clients. Please feel free to call me for a free consultation. I would be more than happy to discuss what has you looking for support and whether I may be a good fit for you.','6506459802');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(231,267787,'Kelly Blaser','I am in this field to help people touch their pain and to sort out a way through it, and a way beyond it. You simply must risk opening up. Shame is a powerful impediment to opening, and I am expert at helping to untangle it. Trust me on this. I have worked successfully with brilliant and high-functioing CEOs and with people traumatized, addicted, and broke. Our work in this human family is challenging, and, with support, navegable. The practices of yoga and meditation (20+ years) and the clarity they have brought me are the foundation of my work. The issues I have worked with deeply include relationship struggles, parenting, grief, addiction, Anxiety, Depression, Panic Disorder, and spiritual crises, and co-occurring disorders. My practice is greatly influenced by Re-evaluation Counseling, Non-Violent Communication, Positive Discipline Parenting. When we risk being seen by another, we see ourselves in a new light, and the impossible is suddenly the inevitable. We find freedom to transform where we were previously locked in intractable patterns. Change does not come without work, but it can come without struggle.','8313461195');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(232,42206,'Monique Jost-Vazire','Do you sometimes ask yourself: I feel angry, disappointed, or frustrated. What can I do? I tried everything, nothing works in the long term. Why are my relationships so unfulfilling? During sessions, you are gently guided to recognize the parts of your Self that have conflicting, often incompatible goals, perspectives, and beliefs. Those "parts" often pull you in opposite directions - "I want to eat, but I also want to lose weight" for example. Then you criticize yourself for not being more responsible, productive, etc... relationships, divorce or breakup, self-doubts, self criticism, anxiety, anger, lack of confidence, decision making, loss, search for harmony, inner peace, selflove. Your true Self is compassionate, confident, courageous. You will understand the inner battles "hijacking" your mind and be able to sense a true harmony behind them. The first session is free!! As you are able to connect with and accept yourself, you experience a sense of relief, harmony and power, the real you emerges as you hold yourself in unconditional love. The Law of Attraction - as taught by Esther &amp; Jerry Hicks - inform my practice.','6507411646');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(233,35989,'Manning Psychological Services','Dr. Brad Manning''s approach to therapy is one which focuses on helping individuals better understand, and learn to change, problematic thoughts, feelings &amp; behaviors. As every individual and situation is unique, the therapeutic goal and counseling techniques utilized are specifically tailored for each client. Regardless of the concern which has brought an individual to counseling, therapy is always conducted in a caring and supportive environment. It is within such an atmosphere that you, or your child, can feel comfortable working through the present concern. Many individuals can benefit from counseling, and Dr. Manning provides treatment for older children, adolescents, &amp; adults. Dr. Manning provides individual psychotherapy, and also conducts psychological assessments. As a therapist his specialties include the treatment of anxiety and mood disorders, and in helping individuals better understand and manage stress and relationship difficulties. Areas of expertise in psychological assessments include learning disorders, autism, ADHD, and mood disorders. Dr. Manning is licensed as a clinical psychologist (PSY 20180) and educational psychologist (LEP 2736). He has advanced training in various therapeutic techniques, including cognitive behavioral therapy and psychoanalytic psychotherapy. Dr. Manning has extensive experience conducting psycho-educational assessments with individuals of all ages.','6509184663');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(234,171888,'Maria Porch','Are you struggling in your relationships with others, or with how you view yourself? Do you have problems at work, or are you grappling with a loss? Many times we may feel unhappy, or bland but are not clear about the causes and what we can do. Personal growth is a lifelong process, and at times, choosing to embark in a psychotherapeutic relationship can help. We all have the capacity to better understand ourselves and improve our lives. In our work together, you would begin to understand the relationship you have with yourself and how you navigate other relationships. I have found following your lead is of utmost importance. I work with a warm and nonjudgmental style and have worked with clients of diverse ethnic, cultural, gender, and sexual orientation backgrounds. I offer insight oriented psychodynamic and psychoanalytic psychotherapy, and use a strengths based perspective with clients. I work with adults, adolescents, and families. Parenting and growing up can be tough, and no amount of training can prepare us for all of its challenges. Asking for help can be difficult, but is the first step towards an improved life.','4088313959');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(235,78780,'Stephen Richmond','I treat the entire person, which includes both psychology and biochemistry, if needed. For both people struggling with addictions, and for those with other issues, the focus is on the difficulty with being fully present to one''s life. My ideal client is someone motivated to look inside, and ready to open up to the richness and pitfalls of his or her internal world. Assistant Clinical Professor of Psychiatry, ACF, Stanford University Medical Center. PsyD in Psychoanalysis, from the Institute of Contemporary Psychoanalysis, in Los Angeles. Board Certified in Psychiatry and Addiction Psychiatry. Residency Training at Stanford University Medical Center. MD from Brown University Medical School I combine intensive, depth psychotherapy/psychoanalysis with state-of-the-art psychopharmacology. Suboxone Certified.','6503838934');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(236,116721,'Constance ','Do you have a deep longing inside for something Greater within you and your life? Are you feeling stuck, anxious, frustrated, or down, looking for the way forward? You can have a life that is not just materially successful but has meaningful relationships, is deeply satisfying, and spiritually inspired. You can be your authentic Self, live your purpose, and have sustainable happiness, inner peace, and well-being. I have walked the path, too, and I know the territory. If you think it''s time to grow personally and spiritually, journey with me to awaken your true Self. As a transpersonal and holistic therapist, I integrate the wisdom of body, mind, heart, and spirit. We may explore through your breath, body sensations, energy awareness, yoga, art, dreamwork, subpersonalities, visualization, cognitive therapy, Enneagram, and more. You''ll discover your inner wisdom. What do you want to awaken in yourself? As a yoga and meditation teacher for over twenty years, I understand the body-mind connection, and facilitate transformation through the breath, meditation, energy awareness, and the body. Additionally, as an ordained Interfaith Minister, I embrace all spiritual traditions, and I assist you in deepening your spiritual life.','6502674391');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(237,169854,'Anna Tran','Finding the right therapist for you is an important step in achieving change. As a Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner Therapist, and having over 15 years experience working in psychiatry have taught me that every human being has the innate ability, through their own personality, values, and temperament to transform the roots of his/her suffering into a path of growth, and to experience happiness and joy. My core approach working with you is to guide you through achieving change with compassion, understanding and trust. I believe positive change can occur through a strong collaborative therapeutic process with your therapist. I offer an integrated traditional and intensive psychotherapy using cutting edge modalities of CBT-plus-T.E.A.M. Therapy, Mindfulness-Based Therapy, DBT, and Holistic values (exercise, meditation, nutrition). I have worked in many clinical settings in the greater Bay Area. I was awarded the Ann Wilkinson Psychotherapist Award by APNA in 2014. Please visit my Website for my "Services", and "Contact" me directly at ANNATRANNP.COM. Or call me directly to discuss whether my practice may be helpful to you. My on-line booking can assist you secure an appointment rapidly. I collaborate clinically with Matthew May, MD, and trained in TEAM therapy by David Burns, MD','6504222714');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(238,11713,'Debora Burgard','Finding a therapist is such a leap of faith. It is one of life''s challenges that at a time when you might feel the most vulnerable, you also have the least information about whether someone can help! I''m told I''m good person to talk to if something is bothering you and you want to figure it out. I try to support that inner flame of resilience in the face of all the challenges. I am one of the founders of the Health at Every Size (HAES) and Body Positive movements. May you find a good match! There may be links to email me as a feature of this page, but using them means Psychology Today has a record of your email. If you want to remain private, please call my office number 650-321-2606, or email me at drburgard at hushmail dot com. Thank you!','6503212606');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(239,121539,'Dana Backstrom','Welcome. Chances are that you''re looking for a professional you can talk with - either for yourself or someone you love. I provide emotional support, guidance and hope for those times when life becomes overwhelming, when you feel stuck, or when your life is heading in a new direction and you need encouragement. Whether you are seeking support for yourself, a family member, partner, friend etc... finding the right therapist is essential. One of my goals is to make quality counseling accessible, convenient and client friendly. We can meet in my Mountain View office, or I offer in-home appointments. Serving individuals, couples and families, I specialize in the treatment of anxiety &amp; depression, addiction, relationship issues, older adults, people with chronic illnesses and families in transition. My goal, both literally and figuratively, is to meet you where you''re at and help you get to where you want to be. I create a warm, non-judgmental, collaborative environment to foster insight and awareness about your areas of concern and facilitate change. I also offer innovative modalities such as "Walk and Talk" therapy. Serving Palo Alto, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Cupertino, Los Gatos &amp; nearby cities.','6502764166');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(240,59707,'Neallie Ranon','Welcome to my psychotherapy practice for adults, offering therapy for individuals and couples. Turning to therapy is not an easy step: opening up to a stranger can understandably be difficult. I hope that the information below as well as the link to my website would help you to decide whether my therapeutic approach is right for you. Whether you''re dealing with long-standing difficulties or coping with unexpected changes in your life, I invite you to call or email me if you have any questions or would like to set up a consultation. I enjoy working with individuals and couples, and help my patients find resolution to a wide range of personal concerns such as: relationships, work and career, trauma, depression, anxiety, immigration and acculturation, issues that are unique to women, and coping with a chronic mental illness. Working with a therapist can help provide support, lead to a better understanding of your life, and assist you in developing new ways of coping. I am passionate about helping others and believe in people''s capacity to cope and grow. I look forward to speaking with you.','4157998159');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(241,214317,'Nina Keebler','Life is a journey full of ups and downs. It doesn''t come with a roadmap, and at times we all find ourselves in difficult situations. As your therapist, I will guide you and support you through these rough times by illuminating the path to healing and wholeness. In the face of life''s challenges, our tendency is to cope, adapt and get by. Unfortunately some of these coping mechanisms are outdated and no longer serve us, so we go about life just "getting by". Rather than merely "surviving" you could be thriving. Together, I will help you break through your limiting beliefs and old patterns so you can rediscover your passion for life and experience greater joy and well being. With a warm, compassionate and insightful approach, you will learn to navigate the process of transformation. I use both intuitive and evidence-based modalities such as mindfulness and EMDR. Prior to becoming a therapist, I worked as a Consultant at Insigniam coaching executives of large corporations and non-profits. I also bring 20 years of experience with children to my practice.','6508303141');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(242,201715,'Alex Dimitriu','My primary focus is psychiatry with additional expertise in Sleep Medicine. With a thorough knowledge of psychopharmacology, I am able to find the most conservative and most effective medication regimens for my clients. Sleep and wake are the two most fundamental states of our lives and the basis for mood, anxiety, energy level, memory, and productivity. Expertise in both of these fields allows an integrated and holistic approach to treatment which leads to truly outstanding outcomes. I aim to practice state-of-the-art medicine, and to always remain rooted in the human side of the work that I do. The mind is the most elegant and complex system that we know of, and I feel privileged to devote my career in pursuit of its understanding. I completed my training at Stanford in Sleep Medicine. Through my fellowship, I fell in love with the people, natural beauty, and energy of the Bay Area. I finished my training with a comprehensive, round-the-clock understanding of the two most basic states of our lives; sleep and wake.','6502652158');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(243,206361,'Sandy Roos','You may be feeling a sense of overwhelm, as well as being stuck in patterns causing you distress. I deeply affirm your looking into the process of therapy to resolve the issues you are facing. I do not view depression, anxiety or trauma as pathologies but as keys to open the doors to your healing and joyfulness. Every therapy is unique and tailored to what it is you are bringing in. My goal is to unearth the place where you are already whole. Our therapy together will heal and transform the obstacles preventing you from living a life of joy, completness and fulfillment.','4159693024');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(244,257452,'Hypnotherapy ','Seeking solutions that bring balance and calm in your life? I offer guided mind body healing therapies such as Hypnotherapy and EFT, that empower you to find solutions for the following issues: PAIN, INSOMNIA, GRIEF, WEIGHT, ANXIETY, STRESS, TRAUMA, HABITS, CRAVINGS, RELATIONSHIPS, or PAST LIVES. Hypnotherapy can be effective in building a bridge between the conscious mind and subconscious mind in order to explore the source and solutions of emotional, mental, and physical issues. This expanded state of consciousness allows for genuine realizations and the motivation to implement lasting transformations. I welcome the opportunity to empower you in your healing journey through Hypnotherapy and also share techniques such as EFT, NLP, guided imagery and relaxation. These techniques are known to be effective in dealing with life''s challenges as they occur any time and any place. I am a Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist with 200+ hours of training and clinical practice. I am also a Reiki Level I and II practitioner. I am inspired by mind body healing and practice it daily in my life. It is with a spirit of openness and compassion that I facilitate each therapy session.','4087073142');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(245,179959,'Wendy Justus','I am a licensed psychotherapist and EMDR provider who specializes in trauma, depression, addiction, life change and attachment issues. I work with adults and couples. I can help with the anxiety and painful feelings that proliferate when coping with challenging life experiences. I am certified to provide EMDR, (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) a powerful and highly effective trauma treatment which can greatly improve therapeutic outcome and expedite recovery time. EMDR works with major trauma as well as repetitive, "small t" trauma like that experienced growing up in a dysfunctional home. I offer a safe, warm and confidential environment where together we can explore what is on your mind. I look forward to hearing from you, and would be happy to have a brief phone consultation at no charge, so we can see if it feels like a good fit. A further word about EMDR - EMDR is a highly effective protocol for healing trauma of all kinds. A successful EMDR session not only provides relief; it can increase clarity and transform how you live. Further, adding EMDR to your treatment plan can significantly decrease the amount of time you need to be in treatment.','6504378597');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(246,86290,'Jeffrey Kline','Whether you are struggling with important people in your life, depression, anxiety, troublesome feelings or moods, life changes, losses, or the impact of traumatic events, I can help. I offer time-limited, open-ended, or intermittent psychotherapy to enhance your life experiences and ameliorate your distress. I tailor my approach according to you as an individual and your unique circumstances,particular needs, and goals in life. Feel free to contact me for a consultation about working together to enrich your overall sense of well being. I have been practicing psychotherapy on the Bay Area Peninsula for over 20 years and have specialized in individual and couples therapy for adults across the lifespan with diverse backgrounds and life experiences. My office is in a quiet, private, garden setting near a quaint downtown (Menlo Park) with easy parking. My waiting room is not shared with any other professionals.','6502097674');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(247,70403,'Caron Heimbuck','How do we make healthy changes in our lives - in our marriages, families, work relationships and friendships? I provide a supportive and safe environment for you to become more self-aware to enrich your world and personal relationships. My practice covers a broad spectrum of personal and emotional issues including anxiety, depression, grief and loss, communication, and stressed couples and families. I also provide help to women dealing with the impact of a breast cancer diagnosis. In addition, prior experience as an Educational Consultant provides helpful insight to families challenged with a struggling teen and the emotional impact this has on family life.','4084659944');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(248,230050,'Marilyn Ampuero','It is my belief that every person carries all the resources they need to move toward their goals, improve their lives, and address difficulties in their lives. As a solution-focused therapist, my goal is to help you develop the insight and skills to identify, access, and apply those resources to move toward your goals and lead a happier, healthier life and enjoy richer and more satisfying relationships. While we can''t change difficult situations of the past, we can work together to better understand and resolve challenges in your life. I see infants, toddlers, school-age children, teens, and adults in my private practice. I integrate complementary techniques to offer a highly personalized and strength-based approach tailored to each client. With compassion and understanding, I work with each individual to help them build on their strengths and attain the personal growth they are committed to accomplishing.','4084771169');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(249,84551,'Lyn Pock','Are you in a relationship in your life that isn''t working for you? It could be your spouse,other family member, a friend, a colleague or your manager at work. You feel that it is difficult to deal with the person and you are often left feeling frustrated,irritated or sad and don''t know what to do because you " have tried everything". This is a dysfunctional relationship that can benefit from my help as a therapist with a relationship specialty in couples and individual work. This kind of challenge can result in heartbreaking losses. For 23 years I supervised an outpatient department that primarily dealt with relationships. Relationships in crisis, separation/divorce. All difficulties that arise for alcoholics in recovery, adult children of alcoholics and codependents. All relations that have been altered as a result of the disease of alcoholism or any other hurtful cause. I help patients defeat repeating patterns of distressing thoughts that lead to painful feelings and unwanted behaviors. A psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral approach enables you to discover surprising things about yourself as I interpret, guide and lead you toward satisfying resolution to issues you brought to therapy.','6504407926');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(250,204764,'Amy Friedman','Kids and adolescents, adults and couples, and families are all welcome to my practice. In collaboration with you, I will help guide and support you in attaining your therapy goals by understanding the patterns that have been blocking your success, happiness and fulfillment. I will chart a therapeutic course building off concepts and bringing tools and techniques specific to who you are and what your goals are. I invite feedback and make corrections as needed along the way. My framework for understanding you is psychodynamic to which I bring training in cognitive and other theories/techniques. Although, my practice is general in nature, I have a couple of specializations. I enjoy working with late adolescents and young adults stepping toward the next phase of life. I have passion and compassion for working with parents of children of all ages, including adult children. I work well with people who are ambivalent about starting, or re-entering therapy.','6506660909');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(251,72995,'Barbara Finn','Welcome! I work primarily with high functioning adults, couples, and groups who are encountering stress and/or difficulties in their interpersonal relationships, either in the work setting, at home, or both. This includes people experiencing depression, anxiety, personality disorders, and those dealing with adjustment issues related to recent changes in their life-- for example, divorce, blended families, job change, birth of a child, relationships with in-laws, money issues, etc. I believe it is the healthy, not the unhealthy people who come into my office for psychotherapy. From my perspective, anyone who''s willing and able to engage in this process is demonstrating immense courage to do what many aren''t willing to do. I place a high value on honesty and authenticity. While kind and caring, I am also direct and straightforward. I tend not to beat around the bush.','6502097917');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(252,65809,'Robert Williams','Are you a pretty successful, but feel like you have work to do on yourself? A YES suggests that you may want to work on a journey toward your highest self. In my work, your highest self is achieved through personal visioning, visualizing, practicing my Six Pillars of Wellness, managing change such that one is not controlled by circumstances, embracing six basic needs, and supporting a mindful approach to life roles (i.e., show up; pay attention; prepare to be in life roles; manage oneself in these roles; and pay attention to one''s impact on others). I seek the highest possible self for my clients and for the people they encounter. Achieving the highest possible self is a life''s journey, often full of real and false summits, which represent life''s milestones. The highest possible self will rise above and transcend each summit and milestone. My San Mateo office is conveniently located, very private, and has ample parking. My hours are flexible for those with odd hours. I am a multiculturalist who accepts people just as they are. Yet, I am a student of you, your life, your family, and your circumstances.','4157872907');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(253,59874,'Dr . Sally Broder','Hello, I know seeking out a therapist is a bit intimidating and an important decision. I provide a warm environment, inviting my clients to get acquainted with themselves on a deeper level. In this process, healthy changes can manifest and possibilities that have seemed out of reach can begin to be considered and worked towards. I particularly like to help clients to help themselves get unstuck from unhealthy patterns as well as getting their energy flowing positively and creatively. Working collaboratively we can identify what is blocking you from getting to where you want to be in your life. Among other things, I am a Treating Clinician for the NFL. I specialize in trauma and addiction issues and breaking through invisible but tough internal barriers to a full life. What''s holding you back? Lets find out! Go here to watch a short video introduction http://youtu.be/suViR0VfigY Dr. Broder is the 2014 Psychologist of the Year for Santa Clara County. Now Licensed in Kentucky and California! Special Expertise in PROFESSIONAL ATHLETE and LAW ENFORCEMENT PROFESSIONAL issues. Equine Facilitated Psychotherapy also offered. Go to www.horsesensing.com for more information/schedule an appointment.','4152266132');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(254,192439,'Svetlana Kreimer','How does one move from a place of conflict, hopelessness, pain, and confusion to that of more freedom, peace, and acceptance? My hope is to answer this question together with my clients, seeing what works and what doesn''t for each individual. I am an open-minded, warm, down-to-earth real, and affordable therapist, supporting people who are interested in improving their lives through introspection, self-awareness, creative expression, and genuine human connection. I am available and interested in working with you and your family; both traditional and nontraditional partnerships are welcome, and no issue is a taboo. I work with adult couples and individuals, and my office is well equipped for work with children, to whom I offer play therapy and a sand-tray. Whenever appropriate, my training as Expressive Arts therapist adds to our work some creative experiential tools such as art making or guided imagery. One of my strong interests is helping couples to maintain emotional and sexual connection in long-term relationships, often struggling with a lack of communication, infidelities, resentment... Another interest is cultural and ethnic identity, intercultural relationships, migration challenges. I have experience with Eastern European, Jewish, and Indian/South Asian communities.','4085123709');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(255,73494,'Kim Williams','Welcome! I specialize in helping couples and individuals overcome the roadblocks they face in the most intimate aspect of their relationship: the intersection of their humanity and their sexuality. In my years of work as a marriage and family therapist, I have found that sex is often about the full spectrum of life-issues which we encounter as human beings. I work extensively with couples and individuals seeking life-repair due to infidelity and compulsive sex. A significant part of my practice is devoted to helping those with cancer, anxiety and depression, as well as sexual desire problems, gender-specific sexual problems (such as post-partum depression) and sexual identity. I am here to serve. If you are seeking help for your marriage, or wish to explore ways to enrich your personal life, I invite you to call or email me.','6502097489');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(256,103435,'Gail Shen','With 10 years of therapy experience, I enjoy helping clients realize their potential and believe that creating a supportive and caring environment is essential to this process. My areas of expertise include treating depression, mood swings, anxiety, and relationship/interpersonal issues. I view therapy as a partnership where I have the privilege of helping clients navigate their lives more effectively. Clients seek my help for a variety of reasons, including adjusting to major life transitions, better coping with emotions, breaking old behavior patterns, or better understanding themselves. I have a special interest in treating prenatal and postpartum mood disorders. Postpartum depression affects 10-20% of new mothers and 10% of new fathers. If you or someone you know is experiencing symptoms of prenatal or postpartum anxiety or depression, know that it is treatable. You are not alone. My training has included a broad range of clinical experiences including working at the VA of Northern California Healthcare System and in the Department of Psychiatry at Kaiser Permanente. In addition, my research on bipolar spectrum disorders has been published in the Journal of Clinical Psychology and Bipolar Disorders.','6502620184');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(257,94820,'Susan Zweig','It has been my privilege to provide counseling and psychotherapy services to adults and adolescents for over 20 years. I work with clients experiencing a wide variety of issues including anxiety, depression, life transitions, stress related to work, family, or relationships, parenting, grief and loss, addiction, and medical and aging concerns. I view therapy as an active partnership in which my clients and I work together to identify core concerns, solve problems, and reach goals. With guidance and support, my clients make the changes they desire to feel healthy and satisfied. Combining knowledge and experience with compassion and respect, I strive to create a safe place to share feelings and explore behavioral patterns. I see clients individually, as couples, or in family therapy. I offer both short term counseling and longer term therapy. Please call with any questions you may have about my practice, fees, insurance reimbursement, and most importantly, to determine whether I will be a good fit for you.','6502097914');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(258,101338,'Kristin Stent','My background and training is focused in the area of treating adolescents and adults who struggle with a wide range of adjustment issues and mental health diangoses. I work collaboratively with each client to develop a personal treatment plan that is responsive and effective. Through the interpersonal process, I also strive to create a trusting relationship with each client, where insight and growth can be fostered. My specialty areas include treating mild, moderate, and severe depression. I also work with clients with anxiety disorders such PTSD and OCD. I welcome clients with BiPolar Disorder and clients facing addiction issues. Adjustment issues that are common in my practice include divorce, post-partum issues, bullying, and school transitions.','6502411401');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(259,225481,'Dahlia Woods','Do you feel down in the dumps? Are you struggling with anxiety, worry, or stress? Are anxiety attacks keeping you from being successful? Would you like to feel happy and more fulfilled? Anxiety and mood disorders are very treatable. I am a psychiatrist offering therapy and/or medication management. In my practice, I assist adults and adolescents who seek help in overcoming anxiety, stress, depression, and relationship problems. Often, people experience significant relief from symptoms and meaningful improvements in the quality of their lives in just a few months of working together. I have worked closely with Dr. David Burns in TEAM-CBT, a new framework for therapy. TEAM therapy builds upon traditional CBT by focusing not only on cognitive and behavioral methods to help alleviate suffering, but also incorporating an emphasis on the therapeutic alliance and motivational techniques. I am a Level 3 TEAM Certified Therapist at the Feeling Good Institute, meaning that I have completed many hours of both individual and group training in TEAM therapy and have passed an oral clinical skills verification exam.','6504885627');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(260,34780,'Stacy O','Individual therapy-- Are you struggling with anxiety/stress; trauma/past abuse; grief/loss; or alcohol/addiction problems? You can learn tools that help you feel calmer, more grounded, and more in control of your life. Therapy can help if you are feeling stuck, struggling with a past or present issue, or having trouble reaching your goals. It can be frustrating and painful to experience anxiety, stress, trauma, grief, or addiction, but you can feel better. My primary goal is to help people get back to living and enjoying their lives as soon as possible. I have learned many effective techniques, but not every technique fits for every person. Depending on your needs, I offer traditional counseling/talk therapy, EMDR, hypnosis or guided meditation, mindfulness skills, cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), and NLP. You can use just one approach or a blend of approaches. Please visit my website at TherapyMountainView.com for more information (website link above). I offer a free initial phone consultation, so that you can ask any questions you may have and decide if we are a good fit. Please call or email me today if you have any questions.','6504298224');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(261,32866,'Carol Williams','I work with adults, teens, and children; in individual, couple, and family therapy. My experience is largely with mood and anxiety disorders (particularly Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder). This includes work with people at all stages of recovery from substance abuse and with survivors of sexual abuse. I partner with physicians in helping people live well with chronic pain or chronic medical conditions. I also have expertise in family work - helping people to negotiate the challenges of divorce and remarriage, and enhancing the lives of intercultural and interracial families. My approach is grounded in cognitive-behavioral, family systems, and attachment theories. I offer a mindfulness-based approach which includes attention to the interplay of thought, emotion, body, and spirit. I have been practicing Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR)since 1998 and have seen many clients benefit from it. I also offer sensorimotor interventions and Lifespan Integration. I keep abreast of the developments in trauma therapy, making sure that I am familiar with the latest findings in neuroscience and in evolving practices such as Mindfulness - based Cognitive Therapy and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy.','6509249799');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(262,90955,'Phil Boissiere','I work best with clients that are motivated for change. I specialize in the treatment of adult ADHD/ADD, Couples/Marriages, and families in a very goal oriented and short term way. I believe therapy should be a useful learning and growing experience that provides clients with real life tools and skills they can use for a life time. The effect that disorders, such as ADD/ADHD can have on individuals, couples, and families is best treated through a goal oriented approach utilizing skills training, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, and a focus on relationships. My direct approach is also especially helpful for anxiety, depression, and job/academic performance issues. Most of my clients find my approach empowering and a refreshing departure from previous therapy experiences. I work hard to address the clients present situation and help them move forward.','4157994464');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(263,49929,'Katie Luce','My speciality is helping adolescents, young adults and their families work through the unique challenges facing young people today by teaching them effective strategies to cope with their emotions and communicate. My therapeutic style is direct, genuine and interactive. I tailor each client''s treatment to fit their specific needs. I believe strongly in collaboration with parents and focusing on my client''s strengths. My background is in CBT, family systems and psychodynamic therapies. I have provided mental health services in the Menlo Park, Palo Alto and Redwood City schools, and have fourteen years of experience working with adolescents. I spent several years providing individual, group and family therapy to children and adolescents at Children''s Health Council. I have specific experience working with children, adolescents and young adults struggling with depression and anxiety, In addition, I have many years of experience working with children with special needs and clients on the autistic spectrum.','6502411322');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(264,66153,'Scott Granet','There''s no question that psychotherapy is hard work for both the client and the therapist. I specialize in the treatment of the obsessive-compulsive spectrum disorders(i.e., OCD, body dysmorphic disorder, trichotillomania, compulsive skin picking plus others), and know how challenging and frustrating the therapy can be at times. I work with my clients to develop an individualized treatment plan, designed to tackle each person''s unique symptoms and needs. While these disorders are generally chronic in nature, the goal of more effectively managing the symptoms so someone can live a productive life is both reasonable and attainable. Treatment of the obsessive-compulsive spectrum disorders requires a specialized approach which focuses on each individual''s unique symptoms. Exposure and response prevention and habit reversal are the therapeutic interventions most successfully used in their treatment. In addition to my clinical work as a therapist, I have taught nationally on OCD, Body Dysmorphic Disorder, as well as other anxiety disorders. I have also presented at various conferences worldwide. I am a co-founder and former president of the Obsessive-Compulsive Foundation of the San Francisco Bay Area.','6502097530');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(265,34684,'Francis Abueg','Warmth, supportiveness and professional integrity are three principal values which have guided over 30 years experience in mental health. I have had a longstanding focus on trauma, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), dissociation, addictions to substances (alcohol, drugs and prescription medications) and to self-destructive behavior (anger, the internet, gambling). My emphasis is on providing accurate diagnoses of current psychological problems and addressing those problems with techniques that are research and/or evidence-based. Clients consistently report rapid relief in fewer than 10 sessions; however, many clients pursue further therapy, making dramatically positive and often unexpected changes in their lives. My approach is problem-centered which builds each person''s confidence through immediate, measurable easing of emotional difficulties. I use techniques drawn from cognitive behavioral and psychodynamic therapy in treating anxiety, depression, phobias, dissociative disorder and PTSD. Meaning, purpose and spirituality in life are also issues often considered in therapy with me. I have worked with survivors of extreme trauma including 14 years at the VA with veterans of Vietnam, Korea, World War II and the Persian Gulf Wars. My recent practice has included adults surviving abuse as children; workplace threat evaluations, accidents, critical incidents; motor vehicle accidents and sexual assault.','4083372953');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(266,121483,'Pat Grabianowski','I work mainly with adults and couples suffering from the effects of childhood emotional neglect, physical, and sexual abuse. I help individuals and couples separate from their Childhood wounds that prevent them from being successful in their present life and relationships. I use the tools of psycho-education; hypnotherapy; imagery; anger release therapy; chair work; personality testing; career testing; journaling; as well as group therapy to enable individuals and couples to accomplish their goals. I run a group for Adults Abused as Children, and 2 Co-dependency groups for women. I work in a private practice group of 17 practitioners, all with differing specialties, called Sequoia Counseling Services, which I own and manage. www.sequoiacounseling.com. I have quick access to other referral sources if I do not quite fit your needs.','6502043563');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(267,149799,'Naina Sodhi','An approach I find successful is, having individually crafted treatment goals that are worked on using various modalities. With compassion and insight, together we will achieve the growth or resolution that each opportunity brings. In a safe and supportive environment, we will examine and change current or long held issues. You deserve to be functioning at your best potential. Culture, community, family, spirituality and our experiences create a complex network for our existence - all essential to our functioning and useful as resources. We walk our whole lives in order to reach the present moment, when new choices and new paths can begin or old ones honed. Read more at www.meytree.com The great banyan tree has two kinds of roots: ones that start underground, when the tree is a young sapling. These grow strong and wide as it grows into a tree. When the tree is older, it shoots new roots from its branches that allow it new anchors to keep upright, extending and thriving.','6502823959');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(268,210170,'Tessa Fisher','It''s hard to accept you''re at a point in your life where you''re feeling stuck and you need help. And it takes courage to ask for it. My goal is to create a safe, non-judgemental space in which to help you explore the issues that brought you into therapy. To discover together the underlying patterns of thinking and acting which perpetuate your suffering. And to work towards increased awareness and achievement of your most deeply-felt personal goals. My approach is solution-focused and interactive, identifying and helping you build on your strengths. I work primarily with people suffering from depression, anxiety and relationship/interpersonal issues, integrating psychodynamic, relational and cognitive behavioral approaches. Being able to think about who you really are and what really matters to you, opens the door to a more authentic way of being, giving you greater strength to manage life''s challenges. Please contact me if you would like to explore working together.','6602624786');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(269,43451,'J Michael Priddy','With 20+ years of experience,, I have come to believe that what is most essential in therapy is the therapist-client connection. The first step is to establish a positive, mutually respectful working relationship. I work best within an open, consultative framework. I also maintain a part-time practice in Los Altos on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I currently supervise a psychological assistant who is available to see clients on a reduced fee basis, and also offer, in conjunction with a colleague, a five-week "fast-track" couples intensive program. Call or email for more information. I strongly believe in the uniqueness of each individual, and do not adhere to the one-size-fits-all approach. I find myself bringing a sense of humor and some residual East Coast practicality to my work. I also like to look beyond a resolution of the current problem to deeper patterns. The best therapy transcends simply dealing with the immediate issue to achieving a peace of mind and a sense of meaning and purpose in life. For more about me, go to www.michaelpriddy.com','6507413462');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(270,40476,'Dena Anthony','Lacking pleasure and fulfillment, life turns anxious and desolate. When problems fester untended, they undermine zest, dampening our inner life force. A primary tool toward inner healing and growth is finding the essential meaning in your life. This requires learning who you are underneath the defenses and barriers that have been necessary for safety. In psychotherapy we form a relationship in which it is safe to talk about who you are and how you experience the world around you. Consequently you may come to know and appreciate yourself more deeply, and find the meaning that will give your life gusto. In therapy inner adaptive forces become available to foster healing. We will explore the roots of your issues and conflicts within the powerful therapeutic context of a confidential and safe relationship. Next I will help you develop the skills you need in order to cultivate dynamic, passionate engagement with life. My doctoral research explored the effects of companies'' poor management practices on the mental and emotional health of people who work there. My experience includes 25 years in corporate and academic positions as mathematics professor, builder/director of corporate technical training organizations and mother of three -- now enjoying five grandchildren.','6509249770');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(271,39290,'Edward Rousar III','While I often treat such problem areas as anxiety and depression, I specialize in; couples issues, ADHD in children and adults, substance abuse, addictions and gay and lesbian issues. I work in several modalities including; cognitive behavioral, systems, psychodynamic and existential. In addition, I have been trained in; relaxation techniques, hypnosis and eye movement desensitization and reprogramming. But what I find most important is developing a strong, supportive, respectful relationship with my client. There is a great deal of healing power in finding someone you feel is attuned to your concerns and supports you in grappling with them.','6509674995');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(272,168538,'Miranda Gabriel','Are you puzzled by your child''s behavior? Is your child struggling with sadness, worry, difficulty concentrating, difficulty making and maintaining friendships, or temper tantrums? Beginning therapy for you or your child can be a very daunting task for many people. I specialize in working with children, adolescents, and adults who have a wide range of emotional and interpersonal difficulties. I also have extensive experience and specialization in providing assessment and treatment for children and teens who have autism or Asperger''s. If you want to lead a more fulfilling life, call today for a free 30-minute phone consultation. My approach to psychotherapy is to create a safe, non-judgmental, and confidential environment through supportive listening, compassion, and empathy to enable you to talk about patterns in your life that are causing you distress and to develop new ways of relating, feeling, and thinking about the world. As a psychologist, I use a variety of therapies such as psychodynamic, interpersonal, cognitive-behavioral, family systems, narrative, and play therapy. Therapy with me can help you, your child or teen, and your family to get back on track and reach your full potential. To learn more, please call today!','5104591302');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(273,44129,'Haleh Rambod','We constantly are faced with challenges of life, personal growth, relationships, and interaction with others. As we consciously make an effort to experience the humanness in us we become aware of our personal power. There are times when some challenges cannot be faced alone. We need to have a guide, a counselor, a coach to provide us with the tools to overcome these challenges. As a guide, I believe in my clients'' potential for self discovery leading to life altering transformations. My clinical career has been focused on counseling children, adolescents, parents and individuals regarding trauma, personal, emotional, behavioral, educational, cross cultural, and crisis issues. I have been guiding parents, couples, individual and teens to manage life challenging issues and make healthy life style choices. I have received extensive training in working with children, teenagers and individuals with trauma. I also am a certified hypnotist and have helped clients with test taking anxiety, and stress management. I have always been attracted to the symbols and metaphors used in our dreams and sand play.','4086220125');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(274,70190,'Susan Light','For over 25 years I have worked with children, teens, parents, individual adults and couples facing a wide variety of issues and concerns. As I listen carefully to my clients and their challenges and goals, I choose the therapeutic modalities that best suit each individual and their needs. Whether working with a child in play therapy or teens and adults, I focus on personal strengths as well as struggles. People have described me as active, engaged, perceptive and caring. It is a privilege to accompany and assist people in the important process of discovery, healing, change and growth. I specialize in working with people dealing with anxiety, depression, loss and grief, parenting issues, stress management, relationship issues, postpartum issues, chronic illness and pain, Tourette Syndrome and OCD.','6502097653');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(275,33090,'David Mineau','The focus of my practice is in helping couples, families and individuals turn painful conflict into a means of growth. By teaching new skills and helping each person articulate the difficult emotionsand needs underlying their fights, I believe I can help couples and families create more satisfying relationships. I try to create a climate of safety and trust by listening very carefully, refusing to take sides, capitalizing on small changes, pointing out the positives and encouraging the expression of need and desire. I am an adjunct faculty member at the Institute of Transpersonal Psychology in Palo Alto and I instruct the Couples Communication course at Kaiser Permanente in Redwood City. I also lead a support group for men whose wives have cancer.','6506030421');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(276,6647,'Brian Winkler','For over 27 years, I have specialized in working with individuals and couples who are looking for a deep, transformative experience in therapy that resolves core issues and not just symptoms. I help my clients resolve and change deep seated negative patterns, facilitating a greater capacity for intimacy, joy, inner peace, and confidence. I draw upon several approaches including psychodynamic (childhood issues), Couples Systems, Jungian dream analysis, meditative practices, and EMDR for the rapid resolution of trauma. My style is warm and interactive. I will give you helpful, direct and honest feedback and not just sit and listen. I especially enjoy working with adults, teens, and couples going through a major life transition, recovering from trauma, or looking for renewed meaning and direction. What makes my work unique compared to many other therapists is that I do not take a striclty cognitive approach. Just talking about issues and understanding them better, although helpful, does not necessarily change them. I will help you resolve the core, subconscious patterns and causes of your problems.','6503068188');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(277,95997,'Lawrence Choy','I specialize in the treatment of Adult ADHD. My treatment approach is unique in that I draw from my knowledge and background in Medicine, Neuroscience, and Psychoanalysis. I help my clients gain a deeper understanding of the workings of their brain and unconscious mind. I am dedicated to helping my clients find balance, meaning, and joy in their lives. I approach each client with the highest level of empathy, respect, and confidentiality. I believe these key ingredients will create space for exploration, healing, and growth. If you are interested in working with me, please visit my website (https//:www.elitefocusclinic.com) for more information.','6503186465');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(278,77084,'Edna Esnil','Are you feeling stressed? Do you want to overcome anxiety or depression? Would you like to develop healthier relationships? Are you experiencing grief and loss? Sometimes, these and other common problems of daily living can be overwhelming. My services are carefully tailored to meet your individual goals while empowering you to make positive changes in your life. Positive change doesn''t have to take years. In fact, my knowledgeable and collaborative approach has successfully helped many learn and apply research-based skills designed to bring fast and lasting relief. If you are interested in making positive changes within a trusting, supportive, respectful, and accepting environment, please take a moment to visit my website and learn more about my services. I welcome you to call me if you would like to make an appointment or have questions about my services. I would be honored to work with you, to teach you skills, and to provide you with tools to help you improve your quality of life.','6502552679');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(279,132116,'Judith Gable','As a therapist in practice for over 30 years it is always an honor for me to help facilitate and witness the therapeutic process that helps my clients come to more fully understand and appreciate themselves and attain their personal goals. I am highly attuned to the unique needs of each of my clients. I work in a dynamic and collaborative fashion using the therapeutic relationship and process to help you move forward in your life. Some common therapeutic goals are: diminish anxiety &amp; depression; gain greater insight into feelings &amp; behaviors; feel freed up to make better choices and changes in your life ; increase self-esteem ;become more effective and satisfied in your work; feel more empowered to ask for and get what you need; and engage in healthier, more satisfying relationships. Finding the right match in a therapist is critical. I often recommend that people interview a number of therapists in order to find the one that feels right. I can provide referrals as needed. I look forward to hearing from you.','6502412066');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(280,236277,'Nancy Morgan','Therapy for individuals and couples whose lives have been impacted by destructive emotions, behaviors, and beliefs; individuals who, despite their best efforts, are experiencing happiness and stability as elusive ideals. In therapy I engage clients in the process of unburdening; transforming negative beliefs and impressions into positive inner resources. The process itself supports healing and allows for life-changing shifts to occur, both while in therapy and after. Just as our bodies know how to heal physical injuries, each of us also possesses the innate capacity to heal from emotional injuries. I integrate therapeutic modalities, and provide structure and support throughout the change process. You are much more than your present circumstances suggest. Growth and stability are possible. I offer clinical supervision to post-doctoral psychology interns, and management training, development, and consultation services. RECENT PRESENTATIONS: Oregon Counseling Assn. Fall Conference - Ashland, OR October, 2015 California Psychological Association''s Leadership Advocacy Conference ~ Sacramento, CA March, 2016.','6504379276');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(281,147040,'Edna Stok','Feeling overwhelmed? stuck? hurt? lost? Maybe you''re searching for a deeper sense of meaning or purpose in your life? Or maybe you''re close to losing hope - wondering if things will always be like this, falling into the same cycles over and over again? Since you are reading these lines, you are taking the first step towards change. I work with adults, couples, teens, and children who are seeking support, growth, meaning, and change in their relationships and lives. The main purpose of our work together will be to identify and challenge whatever stands in the way of you living contently. Key to this exploration is the warm, safe, confidential, and trusting relationship we form. I invite you to meet for a consultation and think together about the best way to proceed.','4087073813');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(282,207105,'Vidushi Savant','I have closely worked with and have a deep understanding of psychological needs of medically ill population. If you''re someone who takes multiple medications for medical problems and need psychiatric care I could be the right Psychiatrist for you. Patients often feel uncertain about starting a new medication. I''m often asked "will this medication interact with my other medications?". I will work with you and help you decide if you need psychotropic medication(s). I only recommend starting medication when I believe it''s likely to benefit you and am knowledgeable about medication interactions and side effects. I received my Psychosomatic Medicine subspecialty training at Stanford. I have experience managing medically ill patients with psychiatric needs. Some of the patients I see have cancer, HIV, organ failure, post-organ transplant, Multiple Sclerosis, Epilepsy, Parkinson''s disease, Diabetes, Dementia etc. I also see General Adult psychiatry patients. At Savant Care we believe in integrated interventions to improve your mental health. We always consider modalities other than medications to help improve your quality of life such as psychotherapy, group therapy, yoga, bio-feedback, CBT etc.','6504899853');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(283,49673,'Catherine Crawford','I bring empathy, compassion and 20+ years of experience to my work with women, children and teens. You are unique and my intent is to listen for your strengths and build on the positive as we gently remove blocks, trauma, thoughts, stressors and old relationship patterns that are holding you back. My style is warm and interactive and I incorporate my own intuition and creativity as I help people to make meaningful life changes. My work with women assists with issues of: stress, relationship and parenting challenges, trauma resolution, anxiety, depression, support for highly intuitive/empathic/sensitive people, major transitions, grief and loss. Specialities with children/teens: divorce, self esteem, anxiety, body image, friendship challenges, support for gifted children, art therapy and play therapy. You can learn more about my work including my book (The Highly Intuitive Child/Hunter House Publishers) articles and upcoming events at www.lifepassage.com I welcome your call or email and offer a free 15 minute phone consultation to prospective clients.','6509186909');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(284,273520,'Richard Lam','Are you having difficulty controlling your anxiety, worry, or stress? Do you feel sad, lonely, or inadequate? Are you wanting to improve your relationships? Would you like to feel happy and good about yourself? We will utilize powerful Cognitive Behavioral Therapy methods that will have you feeling calm, confident, and happy. My passion is in helping people accomplish their goals by carefully and empathetically guiding them towards their hopes and dreams. I am optimistic and confident that I can help you start feeling good about your life. It would be an honor to work with you and help you achieve your goals. The advance CBT that I practice is known as TEAM Therapy; created by Dr. David Burns. This type of treatment uses a framework that utilizes therapeutic skills focused on CBT. The following are common concerns of clients with whom I have worked effectively: Anxiety, Depression, Relationship Concerns, Shyness, Low Self-esteem, Grief, and Cultural Identities. I am a prelicensed member of the California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists. I received my Masters Degree in Counseling with emphasis in Marriage, Family, and Children. I am currently pursuing my license as a Licensed Marriage Family Therapist and Licensed Professional Clinical Counselor.','6194942953');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(285,184833,'Michael Costeines','My clients appreciate my ability to quickly pinpoint what they are feeling and help them get to the heart of the matter. I provide deep empathy along with plenty of feedback and guidance. I often help clients with relationship issues, depression, anxiety, self-actualization, life transitions, career concerns, existential &amp; spiritual growth, addictions, repetitive patterns. In addition to my work as a psychologist, I am a teacher of awareness who holds meditative retreats and seminars in America and Europe. In all of my work, I help people to use the power of awareness to free the mind and relieve suffering.','6505177848');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(286,92827,'Ulash Dunlap','Balancing relationships, work or school, family, and social life presents many moments of happiness and struggles. My goal is to help clients navigate through their life challenges. I provide individual, group and family therapy, training and consultation services in the San Francisco Bay Area. I look forward to meeting you. Specialities include: relationship concerns,navigating life transitions (going to school and college, career, marriage, being single, and parenthood), fertility issues (including infertility and pregnancy), parenting, new mothers and fathers, work, life balance, job loss and career change, cultural identity, immigration and acculturation, social wellbeing, and more. I now offer Skype services: consultation, short term counseling (in California only), and coaching sessions. My Skype rates are much cheaper than the normal rate. Please contact me for more details.','4153478704');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(287,33557,'James Hutt','Do you experience difficulty managing conflict in your relationship? Maybe one of you has an anger problem, or you withdraw during conflict. Maybe it''s time to re-light the flame. Perhaps parenting struggles, particularly with teenagers, are wearing you out. Or, you cannot agree on parenting techniques. Maybe substance abuse is hurting you or a loved one, and you want help addressing it. I have 30 years experience dealing with couple/marital, parenting and substance abuse issues. Learn practical solutions that can help reduce these, and other stressors in your life. I can help you deal effectively with parenting issues related to divorce, and show you and your former partner how to achieve parenting cooperation. As an adult or child adoptee, you might experience difficulty with trust and relationships, or the family has trouble talking about adoption. Now is the time to figure out how to manage that sensitive subject in an effective way.','6509185875');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(288,79976,'Sharon Greenberg','Looking for a psychologist is difficult. It is important to find someone who is a close match with your needs. I approach therapy with an active style, providing direct feedback in a supportive manner. For more than twenty years, I have been successfully helping individuals and couples find greater enjoyment in life. For therapy to work, I believe that the therapist needs to care about, and feel connected to, the individuals he or she works with. Psychotherapy is not just a job; helping people get better and live their life in a fuller happier way is something I strive for. My areas of specialization include: depression and anxiety, stress management, marital and couples therapy, eating disorders: compulsive or bulimia, parenting issues, adolescents, alcoholism, and adult children of alcoholics. I also work well with individuals coping with infertility, and adults were sexually or physically abused in childhood, and interpersonal group therapy. My style is to be active and responsive during the session. Unlike the media''s standard portrayal of therapists, I don''t believe in answering a question with a question. I provide interpretations of the client''s inner experiences and behavior as appropriate. Click on link to website (homepage) above.','6502069963');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(289,67638,'Genevieve Johansen','Does your child look or act sad, worried or angry a great deal of the time? Is he or she having problems in school or with friends? Or perhaps he or she is being oppositional and you''re unsure what to do about it. If you or your family is going through changes or facing stressors, such as loss, divorce/separation, family members having identity issues or communication problems then I can help. I work to assist you and your child in identifying barriers to sucess and happiness. Together, you and I will create plans for overcoming these barriers. Together we examine history, feelings and thoughts to increase insight and learn and practice more effective ways of coping. I use all means of self-expression including talk therapy, art therapy and writing to explore and cope with difficulties. I also use play therapy with young children to assist them in processing difficult events, especially children who have faced confusing changes in their lives such as divorce or loss.','6507147427');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(290,111186,'Kate Corcoran','I am a licensed clinical psychologist in Menlo Park, California, with extensive experience helping people overcome stress, anxiety, and depression. I specialize in CBT and mindfulness-based approaches, treatments which are effective in reducing distress and enhancing wellbeing. I am a Clinical Associate Professor at Stanford University and a founding partner of the Pacific Anxiety Group, a psychology clinic dedicated to providing evidence-based treatment for mood and anxiety disorders. Common difficulties that bring people to see me include anxiety, panic attacks, obsessive-compulsive disorder, social anxiety, work stress, perfectionism, depression, relationship difficulties, life transitions, and health-related concerns. My treatment approach combines CBT with mindfulness-based strategies. CBT is effective in helping people make important changes in their lives, with a focus on learning concrete strategies to deal with symptoms of depression and anxiety. Mindfulness-based treatments are effective in decreasing anxiety, relieving depression, and enhancing wellbeing.','6502907735');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(291,37716,'Julie Gauthier','I believe that we grow through our struggles. They often point to parts of ourselves that are denied or have been banished to adapt to our early environments. In learning how to relate to and integrate more of our wholeness, we experience a greater capacity for and flexibility in relationships as well as a greater resiliency in their lives. I work with clients to increase awareness of themselves and their patterns, both healthy and unhealthy, to have greater choice and freedom in the way they live, and to discover lifepaths that authentically express who they are. I work with adults and couples and have an orientation that is holistic, depth-oriented, and transpersonal. My approach is eclectic and informed by several theoretical frameworks including: the neurobiological aspects of attachment (how we are hardwired to relate to ourselves and other) and trauma, relational, depth-oriented, transpersonal approaches. I provide a supportive environment to help adults and couples face issues of personal, psychological, and spiritual growth as well as find practical ways to improve their lives and relationships. I work to help clients develop a fuller, freer relationship with themselves that enhances their ability to relate to others.','6503858951');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(292,124942,'Claire Colaco','My first job as a therapist is to listen and understand. Deep listening is a time honored tradition and fundamental to healing. I strive to create a safe and nurturing relationship with clients that is a source of comfort and inspiration. Clients inspire me too! I practice spiritually grounded psychotherapy. This means I see life''s challenges as, fundamentally, opportunities to grow spiritually and as a whole person. To me, the process of healing is beautiful and miraculous, something that gives us glimpses of a benevolent force much greater than ourselves. I have experience working with adults, couples, families and children. I bring a variety of healing modalities to my work that help to integrate and build mind/body/spirit awareness. These include: working with the unconscious, mindfulness training, somatic techniques, dream work, cognitive behavioral therapy, and behavioral modification utilizing goal setting. My areas of expertise include: Depression/Anxiety; Life Transitions; Eating Issues/Body Image Concerns; Spirituality; Parenthood; Children with Behavioral and Emotional Difficulties; Survivors of Childhood Abuse; and Neglect Marriage/Partnership','9713402718');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(293,62190,'Tom Hall','Addictive technologies, the pull of the peer group, and economic uncertainty make our role as parents more, not less, important. And while problems with friendship, academic issues, and concerns about discipline are common areas of concern I find that helping parents to simultaneously recognize the effect of these larger societal changes to be equally important in improving our parenting roles. Many referrals come from pediatricians and school counselors but mainly they come from friends of families whom I have helped. To get a feeling about how I work and my commitment, read the "Client Letters" section on my website. I work with boys and girls of all ages and relate as easily to a four-year-old as to a fourteen-year-old. I welcome parent feedback between sessions and make myself available between sessions as concerns or questions arise. In addition to "talk therapy", I utilize a variety of "play therapy" techniques, especially with less verbal younger children or those who are initially uncomfortable talking about the issues they''re wrestling with. These techniques include: stop-motion animation, magic tricks, clay, sand tray, drawing, puppetry, story writing, and bibliotherapy.','6505210347');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(294,82124,'Cheryl Kruse','I welcome you to my practice having a wide range of professional experience working with couples and individuals. I love my work and enter into our therapeutic relationship with my heart, a deep sense of respect, compassion, my clinical skills and providing a safe place for you. The therapeutic work is optimal when you have a deep desire to heal and transform your life. I view crises and suffering as opportunities to awaken greater capacities, focusing on your strengths while processing your feelings. I will assist you in the healing of difficult emotional and relational experiences through in depth processing. My main specialty is AEDP (Accelerated Experiential Dynamic Psychotherapy). I have trained extensively in AEDP and am excited about this way of working as it is deep, powerful and effective. This style of therapy blends attachment theory, affective neuroscience, body-focused approaches, and transformation studies. The key ingredient to healing is in the context of the therapeutic relationship. Our relationship becomes the safe and secure base as a container for our work together. One of my strengths that you will experience is one of being present, available emotionally and enthusiastic in your healing process.','6509185757');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(295,147619,'Jen Berlingo','With compassion &amp; creativity, I support women seeking meaning and growth. As both a licensed counselor and art therapist, I invite both verbal and visual processing into therapy sessions. Many clients prefer solely talk therapy, which is powerful in itself. However, the adult intellect can be adept at keeping old patterns intact (even ones that keep us stuck.) Art bypasses verbal limitations, allowing ah-ha moments to come safely and clearly. I delight in helping women during any stage of transformation and self-discovery, with emphases in perinatal psychology and supporting other helping professionals in mindfulness and self-care practices. As a graduate of Naropa, a Buddhist university for contemplative study, I hold space for clients with transpersonal tenets of unconditional acceptance, compassion, and basic sanity. My approach focuses on psychological wellness rather than pathology. I work holistically, employing techniques such as art therapy, visualization, dream work, mindfulness, and ritual. I am also available for art therapy supervision (toward ATR) and Reiki sessions. In addition to my private practice, I facilitate mother''s blessing ceremonies as a sacred and artful way to honor the rite of passage of becoming a parent. [More blessing info available at: http://heARTfulblessing.com]','6505132655');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(296,116011,'Elke Jahn','Transitions? Stress? Anxiety? Depression? Are your moods dictating how you feel about yourself and your relationships with others? Manage symptoms, while learning lasting strategies to avoid cycles of stress, pressure, and anxiety. Do you need to break through repetitive, self destructive habits? Actualize your true potential and enhance strengths. Recognize poor self care habits/routines and initiate lasting change. Learn to prioritize life goals and needs. Finally experience accomplishment, success, true esteem, and drive. Sharing my own wisdom and clinical expertise with my clients is the greatest honor and one of my passions in life. I offer a free consultation for new clientele. I accept Medicare Part B insurance and provide bills suitable for reimbursement for clients with out-of-network insurance coverage. My office is located in downtown Menlo Park in a safe neighborhood with ample free parking. The office is wheelchair accessible.','6504508940');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(297,150136,'Bette Kiernan','I work with a wide range of clients. Those confronting transitions, relationships problems, career concerns, addictions, student concerns and other challenges. Depression, anxiety, stress or addictive behaviors are usually the first step in a journey to self-discovery. I create a nurturing, supportive and warm space for my clients to examine their relationships, the impacts of their family environments, thought patterns and dreams. I help my clients understand concessions they may have been made in their original family enabled adaptation, but may later interfere with their fulfillment. Together we create new stories with happier endings. I have been in practice in Palo Alto, California for thirty years. I see individuals, couples, families and groups. My approach integrates Jungian, Cognitive, Psychodynamic, Buddhist and other theoretical perspectives. I create a new therapy for each client in order to evoke his or her underlying special and unique personality. I welcome the opportunity to work with dreams, fairy tales and the inner world. I believe creativity is the highest form of defense against psychological pain, and encourage my client''s self expression. I frequently provide crisis interventions, trainings, and management consultations within many Silicon Valley Corporations.','6502410395');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(298,72924,'Joyce Schmid','My typical client is an adult of exceptional intelligence, creativity, achievement, and kindness, who needs to address problems in his or her life. These problems include depression, anxiety, the disease of addiction, childhood trauma,the addictions of others, and/or difficulties in forming or enjoying relationships. Too many people emerge from childhood with wounds from parental loss, abuse, or neglect. Some carry genetic loadings for addiction. The aftermath of these is devastating, despite success and "looking good." Revealing the pain to another person and revising basic assumptions about yourself and others in a safe relationship can help. I will be interested in your current life, your history and memories, your hopes for the future, your dreams and fantasies, and the relationship that develops between you and me. Understanding these will help you understand yourself, so that you can take the risks necessary for growth. My background includes a B.A. from Harvard, a Ph.D. from PGSP (now Palo Alto University), internships at Kaiser and Stanford, a staff psychotherapist position at Stanford, and over twenty years in private practice. I have published articles and book chapters on addiction, and have taught classes for therapists.','6502097773');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(299,85804,'Jennifer McCollum','I am a Clinical Psychologist providing individual, and group psychotherapy for issues related to women''s health and wellness. In addition to my private practice I am a psychologist at Stanford Hospital. I assist people coping with women''s health concerns such as perinatal depression/anxiety, maternal stress, hormonal imbalances (PCOS, PMDD, menopause), fertility challenges, coping with medical illness (cancers, other medical illnesses), and general wellness. I specialize in providing evidence-based psychotherapy to my clients. That is, I use interventions that have been found to be effective through research studies such as: Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) Motivational Interviewing (MI).','6502765873');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(300,139405,'Stefanie Lamoy','I work with individuals, couples and families to recognize and embrace their strengths when faced with some of life''s overwhelming challenges. I work to support client''s needs and to meet them where they are using empathy and building a safe, non-judgmental relationship. I do this by being warm, using humor and working to problem solve all while considering the client''s comfort level and flexibility. Over the last 7 years I have specialized in adolescent and family struggles, focusing on the effect of transitions from youth to adulthood.','6504886971');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(301,207934,'Sherian Lee','Be your Best Self! I am blessed to work with professionals who make the time to invest in their mental and physical well-being so they can be their best self, enjoy meaningful relationships, and live a fuller life. I have over 20 years of experience doing process therapy, motivational interviewing, and psycho-education. I help clients develop keystone habits such as exercise, diet, &amp; relaxation/sleep to help them cope better with Silicon Valley stressors while providing evidence based therapeutic and coaching methods. Clients gain insight, recognize their strengths, work through being stuck, and rebuild themselves with every step taken. I believe you can get more for your time if you walk and talk in nature, so this is what I offer! Together, we will assess you, develop goals, monitor your progress, and build your self efficiency using the space between sessions as your learning lab. You''ll love it! My mission is to combine the most effective holistic treatments so that you can be your best self. I invite you to click on my website: http://www.BestSelf.Today to learn more about walking-therapy and view my video blogs. Remember, every step you take builds a better you!','4086382300');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(302,58788,'Susan James','Having 18 years experience in both research and practice,I provide counseling that produces positive change. My style is staightforward yet nurturing to help my clients accelerate their personal growth, goal accomplishment or recovery.','4158001179');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(303,98016,'Stacy Banks','I am a psychiatrist working in Los Altos. My treatment philosophy embraces a holistic approach to helping clients explore their lives and grow. I offer medication evaluation and management as well as individual and couples therapy, utilizing the latest treatment approaches. I employ an integrative style of psychotherapy, utilizing psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral, interpersonal, and mindfulness techniques to provide individualized treatment to each client. I treat a diverse group of clients who are college age and older, representing a wide range of ethnic backgrounds, religious affiliations and sexual orientations. I have particular interest in women''s mental health and sexual issues, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, relationship issues, and mood disorders.','6504926793');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(304,159919,'Lawrence Feinstein','I specialize in clinical health psychology to assist people with chronic medical conditions manage their health and treatment. All care is coordinated with your physician. I also help care-givers cope with the tasks of living with someone with an illness. My expertise includes assisting people with diabetes, excessive weight, hypertension and high cholesterol, asthma, cancer and progressions of aging such as dementia, memory loss, and Alzheimer''s Disease. I also treat anxiety and depression that interfere with health and well-being. I provide goal-oriented cognitive-behavioral therapy based on research to adults and adolescents, and to care-givers. Treatment is planned to deliver results for cost-conscious health consumers. Spouses or family members are included in therapy when necessary. I received my doctorate from UCLA in health psychology while conducting research with patients with diabetes at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, and at Anaheim Memorial Hospital. I also received postdoctoral training in family therapy at UC Irvine Medical Center, Department of Psychiatry.','6509990220');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(305,246828,'Elite Focus Clinic','Elite Focus Clinic was founded by three of Silicon Valley''s top adult ADHD and cognitive performance experts (Zaakir Yoonas, M.D., Lawrence Choy, M.D., and Phil Boissiere, MFT). The goal of our clinic is to provide cutting edge medical and psychological approaches for the management of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in adults. We also work with professionals that do not have ADHD, who strive to reach optimal mental performance in their professional and personal lives. For those pursuing assessment or treatment of ADHD, we utilize a rigorous assessment protocol that provides for the most accurate results possible. When treating people with ADHD we utilize equally rigorous processes that range from medication management, coaching, therapy, dietary analysis, and genetic testing. For those pursuing optimal cognitive performance in the absence of ADHD, we utilize dietary and sleep recommendations alongside proven therapeutic and coaching methods. These techniques can be extremely powerful in helping people reach their goals in demanding environments, whether in professional or personal settings. We encourage you to contact us today!','6503329620');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(306,130323,'Bruce Bess','My clients are adults, children and adolescents, most of whom are seeking help dealing with challenges related to a marital or family crisis or a divorce. I provide psychotherapy, mediation, co-parenting counseling and consultation to address the personal and relational issues involved. Whether one is struggling to understand and resolve the losses involved, to develop new parent-child relationships, or to recover from the crisis and start a new life, these services are especially effective at stressful times. With over thirty years in practice as a psychologist, I have developed deep regard and respect for the resiliency of my clients. I have extensive experience as a Court-appointed mediator, co-parenting counselor, or parent coordinator for families involved in Family Court proceedings and have often served as a child specialist for families involved in a collaborative divorce mediation process. My clients have also included youth in special education programs, in foster care (due to parental neglect or abuse), or in the juvenile justice system (in juvenile hall or on probation in the community), providing therapy and assessment as well as consultation to their parents or to other service providers.','6502651079');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(307,150601,'Diane Shrock','Diane is in private practice with offices in Petaluma and Menlo Park. She received her M.A. degree from Azusa Pacific University and specializes in anxiety, eating disorders, addictive patterns, codependency, and shame resilience. Diane is experienced in working with individuals, couples, families and groups. She has facilitated groups at Kaiser Permanente and currently enjoys leading The Daring Way(tm) psycho-educational groups and workshops in Northern California. Diane finds Dr. Bren''e Brown''s Daring Way(tm) research in the areas of shame, vulnerability and empathy profoundly important in helping individuals break through barriers keeping them from living a wholehearted life.','7077376533');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(308,21554,'Rachel Veronneau','Good therapy involves the right match. I also provide a free 30 minute (in person) question and answer session (not counseling). This allows you to understand what your therapy process will look like. If we decide to work together, you will be involved in a very action oriented therapy. Our work will encourage you to practice your new skills during the week. I try to use approaches that you find helpful like: writing in a journal, reading books, support groups, and/or your spiritual practices, that may help while you are in therapy. New blog:therapist.and.mother@blogspot.com I use a multi-theory approach and rely heavily on Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Techniques. We will look at how your thoughts, feelings and behaviors are connected. Together we will try to help you break out of old patterns. This means that you will be involved in goal setting! Since 1983 I have worked with children, teenagers, and adults in educational, hospital, and community settings. I specialize in problems of Chemical Dependency and Recovery, Learning Disabilities, Crisis, Depression, Domestic Violence, Employment, Life Transitions, Women''s Issues, Family Counseling, Spiritual Crisis, Couples Counseling and Pre-Marital Counseling. Mother of two children','6503030074');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(309,78406,'Robin Kurland-West','Hello and congratulations on taking the first step toward taking care of yourself and bettering your life. I have 10 years experience in working with couples, families, and individuals. I specialize in trauma, addictions, grief and loss, and relationship issues. I provide a safe and non-judgmental space for you to explore your obstacles. I will assist you in finding solutions, coping skills, and peace of mind using an individualized treatment plan that we create together. I believe you are the expert, I am your guide and in this collaboration you can find a way to live congruently and authentically with your truth.','6504651644');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(310,86972,'Lea Goldstein','Welcome to my practice. If you are struggling with depression, anxiety, substance abuse, or other issues impacting your ability to live your life to its fullest, I would be happy to speak with you about working together. I am a clinical psychologist with over 25 years experience working with individuals, couples, and families. My work focuses on both internal stumbling blocks to feeling better and on interpersonal problems with important people in your life. We will focus on leveraging your strengths to tackle the difficulties you are experiencing. When indicated, I work closely with a psychiatrist to address any biochemical needs. I work with adolescents and adults on practical tools and skills, while simultaneously addressing feelings and patterns that inhibit change. Additionally, I have expertise in substance abuse issues. I consult with alcohol/drug treatment programs in San Mateo County and am the former director of the Adolescent Chemical Dependency Program at Kaiser.','6504538950');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(311,167634,'Howard Warshaw','Let''s have the conversation that changes your life! The right therapist will do that with you. Am I your therapist? Find out: Watch the documentary "ATARI: Game Over" on Netflix. Click "Website" and sample my blog. You''ll see who I am. You''ll see how I think. Trust your gut! You''ll know if I''m right for you. My rare blend of experience, insight, analysis and humor can help you regain traction in your life and open new possibilities. I''m The Silicon Valley Therapist. I might be just what you need. I work with HiTech leaders and the Super-Intelligent (as well as those trying to love them). I''m fluent in English and Nerd and I bridge the abyss between them. I inspire individuals to thrive and couples to reconnect. I''m incredibly passionate about this work. Bring passion back to your work, your love and your life by re-balancing your perspective, increasing the wisdom of your choices and the effectiveness of your actions. Let''s get started.','4084007732');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(312,100299,'Edward Brackenbury','Ed Brackenbury is a licensed Marriage Family Therapist. He has been in private practice for 34 years and has offices in Menlo Park and Palo Alto. He founded and directed the Institute for Marital and Family Therapy, which graduated over 250 therapists with Master’s Degrees in Marriage Family Therapy. He taught high school for ten years and was a Young Life area director for four years. Ed is a popular speaker at local, national and international conferences. He has helped train students and church leaders throughout Eastern Europe in the fields of marriage, family and pastoral counseling.','6505294807');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(313,89198,'Tania Choi','I''m not in the business of instigating change. I am in the delicate and complex work of empowering it. Because I believe you have the wisdom to bring about change. Because change is your work and your choice; my role is to set the stage, empty it, illuminate what stands in the way and explore with you the possibilities for change. Ultimately you decide.The fact that you''re here already ensures it. My job is to notice your process, reflect and honor it. In this space, I have seen amazing change happen. I specialize in EMDR and am trained to work with trauma, abuse, PTSD as well addictions and compulsions. I have a passion for working with couples in crisis and transition. I love working with teens and children offering parent coaching. Book me at http://www.taniachoi.com/connect I have worked as a school counselor, ran workshops and groups, consulted for the Palo Alto School District and did research at Stanford''s Bing Nursery. I am grateful member of 12-step and enjoy working with members in recovery. I was born and raised in Singapore and speak Mandarin.','4082120552');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(314,128586,'Sushma Trivedi','I believe that all clients have the resources within them to resolve the emotional and social challenges they are presented with in life. I work with individuals and couples, as well as children and adolescents on a range of problems. Couples counseling, separation and divorce, blended and extended family issues, various aspects of parenting, behavioral problems in children, multi-cultural issues, depression, and domestic violence are areas of particular interest for me. I grew up in India and have been in the US since 1981. I am intimately familiar with the two cultures. I try to understand how my client''s thinking style and patterns of relationships are related to their prior life events and current circumstances. I assist them in identifying the real issues and help them in changing the problematic aspects of their life. The methods I employ depend on their needs and goals. I received M.A. in Counseling Psychology from Santa Clara University and worked in academia and the high-tech industry before becoming a therapist. Because of my cultural and professional background, I am inclined to integrate science and eastern philosophy in my counseling work.','4082069066');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(315,85174,'Kathleen Grant','I am a licensed Marriage and Family therapist who specializes in treating chemical dependency, codependency, PTSD,j and families in crisis. I am interested in applying these professional skills to returning vets who may not want to use the VA, or may not be eligible for those benefits. I currently treat a wide range of clients, including couples, families, and individuals in crisis from substance abuse problems, as well as those in recovery from these issues. My specialty of substance abuse and codependency touches on many other areas of mental health, such as anger, anxiety and depression, family conflict, and PTSD. I approach substance abuse and codependency as biopsychosocial realities that require compassion, understanding, education and a client-centered approach that empowers the individual. As a certified EMDR practitioner, I find this intervention a useful adjunct to therapy, as it helps clients come to terms with issues more quickly. Vets with PTSD and individuals suffering from substance abuse will experience a lessening of symptoms, including less reactivity to memories and triggers in the environment.','6509185791');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(316,6829,'James Boyers','I am a very goal-directed therapist. My total focus is on getting my patients to their goals as quickly as possible. My methods emphasize action more than talk, hard work more than rehashing the past. I have over 30 years of clinical experience and 10 years as an anxiety disorders specialist. I am a trained cognitive-behavioral therapist. I also have a great deal of special training and experience in treating depression, panic disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder. My patients have described me as goal oriented, direct, "get the job done", but also warm, compassionate and easy to talk to. Jim Boyers, PhD','4086417801');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(317,54906,'Nanette Freedland','Welcome. By coming to this site, you have already taken an important step toward healthy living. Do you feel overwhelmed, stuck, stressed or anxious? Are you experiencing, sadness, loss or difficulty making decisions? I can help. I have been in private practice for over 17 years and have worked with many clients experiencing the same concerns as you. My style is direct, active and interactive; as well as respectful, supportive, warm and caring. I like to work with clients to set personal goals about what they would like to chanage in their lives and help them reach those goals. I work with clients experiencing grief, loss, failed relationships, family tensions and life transitions. I have a specific interest and expertise in working with clients who struggle with eating disorders such as bulimia and compulsive overeating. Every client is unique and therefore treatment should reflect the needs of the individaul. I use a variety of skills to match the needs of each client including Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and Psychodynamic treatment.','6502623858');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(318,54682,'Marie de la Paz','My approach is based on principles from Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, a mindfulness-based behavioral approach that has been empirically-validated to be effective across a wide range of diagnoses, age groups and cultural backgrounds. I enjoy working with tweens/teens, individual adults, parents and families struggling with challenges related to parent-child issues, ADHD, grief, transgender, adoption, spirituality and acculturation. I also have a passion for working with women, including first-time mothers and mothers dealing with post-partum depression. Acceptance and Commitment Therapy helps you to develop mindfulness skills that you can use to help you live the life that you want to live, despite all of the fears and pain that you have been struggling with. The approach is directive and experiential. My private practice is part-time - I work for Kaiser Permanente Mental Health during the week. I see clients on Saturdays only. Later this year, I will expand into more days.','6506676916');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(319,276605,'Jo Anna Costa','One of my favorite quotes by Martin Luther King Jr. is: "You don''t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." Today you can make the move and be one step closer to a new you where you feel empowered and on a positive path to growth and well-being. I work with a wide range of emotional and behavioral issues providing services that span from transitions, depression, to parenting support, and beyond. In a comfortable and supportive atmosphere, I offer a personalized approach tailored for each clients'' individual needs to help attain the personal growth they''re striving for. Providing individual, couples and family counseling. Treatment specialization includes: Coaching, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Short Term Solution Focused Therapy Therapy for Depression and Anxiety School and Social Challenges Couples Counseling Family Counseling Parenting Support Grief Counseling Work and Career issues Stress Management. I am in the office on Thursdays.','6503186483');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(320,94010,'Zaakir Yoonas','I am a Stanford-trained, Board-Certified Psychiatrist with a specialization in Adult ADHD and Anxiety disorders. My Psychiatry training at Stanford, where I also served as Chief Resident, has equipped me with the most up-to-date treatment strategies to help my clients achieve their goals as soon as possible. I currently offer my services at 2 different locations, each with a different emphasis : 1) Elite Focus Clinic, Inc: (881 Fremont Ave, Los Altos) This is a dedicated, speciality clinic addressing the needs of patients with attentional problems and Adult ADHD. Website: www.elitefocusclinic.com. 2) Portola Wellness: (4 Main Street, Los Altos) At this clinic, I treat a more broad range of psychiatric difficulties, with a particular emphasis on mood and anxiety disorders. At this location, I am in-network with some insurances. Website: www.DrYoonas.com.','6504904735');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(321,280625,'Rosemary Hintz','I provide individual, family and couples counseling. I am trained to support individuals who struggle with anxiety, depression and life/work stressors. I work closely with my clients to assess their current concerns and develop a treatment plan that allows them to experience greater satisfaction in their lives. Some of my clients come to counseling because of a crisis and others come to figure out ways to improve their overall well-being. I specialize in the following areas: anxiety, depression, relationship problems, trauma, fertility/pregnancy issues, postpartum depression, and relationship abuse. I currently work closely with the Freya clinic in redwood city. You can find out more about the clinic here: http://www.freyjaclinic.com. I offer daytime and evening appointments.','6502624401');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(322,63432,'Wei-Chien Lee','Imaging how you would feel and act when you have a better and more stable mood, greater relationships, more self-acceptance and esteem, more freedom (from regrets, past, etc), and a healthier mind ... You just took the first step to change! I will help you gain the skills and knowledge in taking the next steps, making progresses, and achieving your goals - in a respectful, direct, no-nonsense, non-judgmental, sincere, and supportive way. This process may be challenging (as it should be), but I''ve helped created and witnessed numerous victorious smiles -- and, you will create yours. Many colleagues and clients comment that I am a "gifted" psychologist and genuinely care about my clients. I am specialized in helping people with depression, bipolar disorder, worries, eating disorders, and interpersonal/relationship and self-esteem/confidence issues. I also have extensive training and experiences in marital/couple counseling. My skills and knowledge are well-recognized -- I regularly provide training to psychologists and therapists. I have also given 25+ presentations at professional conferences. However, I consider people''s heart and my passion in helping people actualize their potentials most valuable and essential parts of therapy.','4086221903');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(323,35526,'Jill Kaplan','Unresolved and unconscious issues can affect our well-being and inhibit our enjoyment of our relationships and our life. Taking a journey of unraveling the threads of your life in the context of a relationship with someone who can witness and mirror where you have been and where you are now can bring you into a fuller relationship with your true self. While adults may be adept at talking about their problems, children''s difficulties are best understood through the metaphor of play, in the presence of a trained professional. My clinical interests are in analytic psychotherapy and Sandplay. I offer children the opportunity to express themselves through Sandplay, games, art materials, dramatic play with puppets and dolls. Whether with adults or children, my belief is that the presence of an unconditionally accepting witness is essential to healing and growth. I offer depth psychotherapy which is analytically informed, and believe in working in the here and now of the relationship. Additionally, I have many years of training in Sandplay, a non-verbal, expressive modality especially suited to children as well as adults looking for a transpersonal approach.','6502097701');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(324,249750,'Tom Dooley','I''ve been an ADHD Coach for over 12 years, and I''m skilled in developing successful working partnerships to help you manage your ADHD with skill and clarity. We do this by finding and addressing the "stuck" places, identifying, developing and maximizing strengths, defining/achieving goals, and mastering time management/organization skills. You''ll be learning how to be aware of your thoughts so you know when ADHD shows up &amp; when you''re at your best, and how best to use this knowledge effectively. You may have ADHD, but it shouldn''t have YOU. My expertise is in coaching ADHD adults, business entrepreneurs/self-employed, college students, older teens,those in creative arts, and the newly diagnosed. I have also helped many clients with issues in their marriages/partnerships that stem from ADHD. I worked in national sales/brand management and business consulting, and I have the skills and experience necessary for coaching ADHD entrepreneurs and small business owners/startups. I was also a professional musician for many years and have coached musicians, writers, and artists. Also, I have worked with many students!','8312913287');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(325,136974,'Michelle ','Are you struggling with setting boundary or building intimacy? Are you feeling depressed, unseen, confused, frustrated, or helpless? Do you want to live a life YOU want rather than you should? I am a culturally sensitive, authentic, empathetic therapist, who deeply respect your personal/cultural values non-judgmentally. I can be challenging or directive if needed, and I also have insights regarding cross-culture issues, premarital counseling, communication skills, and Depression recurrence prevention. Working together, you will get professional perspectives, practice new behaviors/strategies, connect with your inner wisdom/creativity, be supported, and create a happier life. I''d like to support you creating more satisfying relationships with yourself and others. My field of expertise focuses on adolescents, adults, and couples-- people exploring issues of self-esteem, intimacy, depression, grief, anxiety, and boundary issues. I am honored to provide services to people of color and LGBTQ community. In my practice, I use creative arts (drawing, sand tray, photographs, role play) along with talk therapy based on your readiness and interest. It''s also an interactive, client-centered approach that you will involve in treatment plan and be asked for feedback periodically. *Have weekday morning and weekend openings.','5109627461');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(326,231660,'Kristi Yeh','After working in the corporate world I realized something was missing, so I sought a career path that I was passionate about. With service, relationships, and personal growth being my biggest motivators I began working in the therapy world. I have never looked back, and consider it a privilege to be a witness and supporter as people share their experiences and realize their personal goals. I work with a range of client concerns while using a variety of evidence-based methods. In addition, I have specialized training in treating teenagers, young adults, stress, anxiety, depression, codependency, low self-esteem, negative body image, food related issues, substance abuse, and children of alcoholics. My primary focus is to provide a safe setting for you to achieve change and increased self-acceptance. If you think my approach might fit what you are looking for in a therapist, please visit my website www.kristiyehmft.com for more information.','6502763076');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(327,72792,'Laura Hamilton','The burning question: "Should I be concerned by my child''s behavior, lack of communication, or new friends... or is this just a phase"? There are many variables as to why children/adolescents begin acting differently and sometimes this is just a natural progression in your child becoming their own individual. However, other times these are warning signs that something problematic is involved and you are correct to be concerned. I have over ten years of clinical experience helping kids figure out how they can feel more in control of themselves, thus helping to improve behavior, school problems, self-esteem, anger, anxiety, grief/loss/bereavement, eating disorders and communication issues. Please visit my website at http://trueinsight.us','6502097632');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(328,69624,'Valenda Robinson','My approach is interactive, emotional and cognitive behavioral. A major focus is on a strong relationship with self, spouse, partner, family, business associates and peers. Successful relationship reduces emotional distress. I work as a compassionate, transformative guide for relief of depression, stress/anxiety, grief and loss. PERSONAL POWER, improving motivation and self-esteem is a major goal. I also work with emotional eating issues, based on my book (Your Weight is over a Personal Trainer for Emotional Eaters)','5108784904');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(329,264771,'Julia Tisdale','I help young professionals live a more satisfying life and solve problems. I can help clients in clarifying relationships, defining career goals and decisions, and healing depression and anxiety. Clients leave therapy with an overall better understanding of themselves. I have been studying Intensive Short-Term Dynamic Psychotherapy (ISTDP) for the past two years. ISTDP is an active form of therapy where the therapist assists the client in seeing the ways they are harming themselves, blocking themselves from reaching their full potential or damaging their relationships. I also have experience working with the adolescent population and their families. I spent last year counseling middle school students and families with issues related to academics,relationships, and mental health. I look forward to helping more adolescents and their parents find confidence, happiness and compassion for themselves and others.','6504450326');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(330,88028,'Hillary Sinnott','I specialize in working with clients who are (a) intelligent, (b) motivated, and (c) hard-working. My clients already have the raw talent needed to excel in life but they''re not operating at their full capacity. Together, we team up to explore what''s holding them back and strategize on ways of tackling the obstacles. When working with adults I look for hidden lifelong patterns that, once exposed, release the client from being bound to old ways of thinking and behaving. Oftentimes these patterns carry across different situations, such as work, personal relationships, and self-esteem. When working with teenagers I empower them to find their voice, individuate and own their power, and heal from the experiences that have detracted from their confidence in themselves. For my clients, therapy is a place where their ideas, core personality, and preferences are given room to shine and grow.','6505675879');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(331,253139,'Zahida Tayyib','Zahida Tayyib MD founded Mountain View Psychiatry and TMS to create an integrative medicine practice. Our Practice provides help in cases of depression, bipolar disorder, and chemical dependency. We apply therapies (group and individual), pharmacotherapy and medication-free advanced Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS). We encourage our patients to follow healthy and active lifestyle by participating in Yoga, Tai-Chi, Feldenkrais. Every person is different, so let us answer your questions by calling 650.969.6772. Dr. Zahida Tayyib treats adults. Her dual psychiatric and medical background provides keen insights into the relationships of the mind, body and a person''s overall well-being. This background, her cross-cultural perspective and special interest in women''s issues, uniquely qualifies her to work in ethnically diverse environment of Silicon Valley. She unequally combines her internal medicine and psychiatry training to treat patients with special emphasis on: chemical dependency (Suboxone treatment), support and therapy groups for men, women''s issues, dual diagnosis group run with chemical dependency experts, and introduced TMS for treatment resistant patients.','6508300396');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(332,36974,'Omal Bani Saberi','RELEASE STRESS, INCREASE SUCCESS! Human beings struggle, oftentimes with insurmountable problems. Even with good intention and advice from family, friends, problems don''t go away &amp; patterns form and we get stuck. This is when professionals such as myself can guide people to get unstuck, look at root of the problem whether it''s constant sadness, anger, loneliness or trauma from the past or the present, by attaining tools of self-exploration, journalling, meditation, hypnosis, art, reading to understand feelings/behaviors and cope differently and access forgiveness, joy and success. We provide guidance and healing using effective tools for individuals, families and communities working through challenges of Traumatic Stress, Effective Communication and Path to Forgiveness. I now provide online &amp; telephonic therapy via facetime, skype and telephone in CA. and coaching and counseling nationally &amp; internationally. Unique factors SereneMind Clinical Services is a belief that to be fully alive means coming to terms with the past in order for the present and the future not to be repeated. This path has built the foundation and intention in our practice. We encourage you to choose a new way of authentic living.','6509185942');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(333,85696,'Rosalie Toren','Under my caring guidance, I help you find your own self actualization. Are you struggling with weight issues, lack of purpose in your life, we can work together to get some balance in your life. My philosophy comes from humanistic and psychodynamic background. In addition to therapy, I provide psychoeducational testing, life coaching, and advocacy for child''s school program. I spent many years as school psychologist, therefore, I know the school system inside out. I specialize in working with people who have obesity issues, and children and adults who are autism spectrum. I provide neuropsychological assessment and interventions.','6504511981');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(334,35002,'Valerie Goss','Just like life,therapy is both an adventure and a risk. As a therapist,I encourage you to focus on the concept of choice. Our lives are constantly filled with the need to make choices. Should you be in a relationship or leave one? Is your current job the right one for you? Can you learn how to accept and express your needs? Choosing a therapist can be very confusing, but choosing the right therapist can be crucial to living a happy and fulfilling life.Your therapist needs to be someone that understands you and someone that you can trust. Self acceptance and forgiveness can be life''s greatest challenges. In our work together, you will explore thoughts and feelings about yourself and the people in your life allowing you to either accept these parts of yourself or work towards creating new behavior. Life is too short not to create positive change. Connecting with people, helping them achieve their hopes and dreams and improve the quality of their relationships and lives,has been my lifelong passion. Each therapy session is an opportunity for insight and accomplishment. Please feel free to contact me for assistance in choosing the right therapist for you.','6503858797');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(335,47222,'Helene Brun','Greetings. My clients seek my help when relationships or personal problems drain peace and creativity from otherwise rewarding lives and careers. They don''t want to worry or stay stuck and sad for long. Weekday and weekend appointments available. In most cases I favor short term counseling for individuals and couples, but do long term when appropriate. I have 25 years experience as a therapist in private practice. I work primarily with couples. Common problems: Disagreements and arguments, self-esteem to one looks like selfishness to the other, trouble with family/children/others, affairs, ambivalence, loss of meaning, other losses. I was with The Couples Institute 14 years. Then, for 9 years, I taught highly rated graduate courses in Couples and Family Systems Therapy at The Institute of Transpersonal Psychology. I have extensive experience facilitating groups, seminars, and workshops. I have given many presentations about various topics at diverse organizations. My Seminars and Relationship Consults are informative and fun. Whether I work with singles or couples, I respect people as individuals. I was born in Denmark in 1954, been in United States since 1975, familiar with European languages/cultures, worked with immigrants from other areas of the world as well.','6506030745');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(336,45725,'Seth Rubin','Profound Transformations Are Possible for Suffering Professionals. I specialize in helping health care providers, lawyers, scientists, academics, and other psychologists achieve meaningful life changes through private consulting. I especially enjoy working with individuals facing midlife crises and second-half of life issues, the classical Jungian work of individuation accomplished by attending to the often-neglected spiritual dimension and creating a personal myth of meaning. My clinical and research work are encompassed by my project, Individuating into Death. I am a professional member of the San Francisco Jung Institute, with which I have a vibrant and unfolding relationship. Please see my web site www.sirseth.net for more details. Book project: Preparing for the Mystery of Death.','6506030554');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(337,218807,'The Healthy Teen Project','The Healthy Teen Project provides Intensive Outpatient and Partial Hospitalization programs in the San Francisco Bay Area for teenagers who struggle with eating disorders. Eating disorders create significant challenges for teens and their families in all aspects of their lives. Sometimes these challenges require intensive treatment. Through our multidisciplinary approach, we address physical, emotional, and nutritional health, academic functioning, and family and peer relationships. Our goal is to provide holistic care that supports adolescents and their families in finding new and healthy ways of living. So often, teens with eating disorders and their families feel isolated and alone. Our program provides structure and support. It gives clients a chance to connect, relate and problem solve with others that struggle with similar issues. We help guide families in supporting their loved ones in a safe and caring way.  <h3>Why adolescent only treatment?</h3> The Healthy Teen Project believes a teenager-only therapeutic environment is important when treating teens with eating disorders as teens have specific needs that are different than those of adults: Family support - with teens, family support and therapy is an integral component, both for nutritional rehabilitation and to explore other challenges of adolescence and mental health. Group therapy and support from their peers - group therapy allows teenagers to find a place where they can open up and be honest and real about their struggles, relate to others, and receive much needed support. Teenagers are at very different places in life than adults and it is other teenagers that provide the validation and support they require. Greater focus on behavioral and experiential opportunities vs. cognitive/verbal skills Teenagers get more out of "doing" rather than "talking about doing". At HTP, teenagers are actively engaged in experiential opportunities and behavioral approaches, such as art therapy, yoga therapy, meal preparation and restaurant exposures. Additionally, HTP provides a teen-oriented environment where teens can feel safe, nurtured and hopeful. By not treating adolescents along side adult peers, HTP is able to provide the interventions specific to teens with eating disorders.  <h3>The Healthy Teen Project Team</h3> Our multidisciplinary team consists of professionals with medical, psychiatric, therapy and nutritional backgrounds. Together our team has over 75 years of treating eating disorder patients across a range of environments including: in-patient medical and psychiatric hospitalization, residential treatment centers, partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient programs, as well as outpatient clinics.','6502414052');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(338,249436,'Monique Kane','I have been in practice since 1974. I have also been for many years a Clinical Supervisor and Executive Director of a local non-profit. I recently returned to working exclusively in my private practice, as its always been my first love. I am a warm, caring, relational, practical, interactive, solution-focused therapist to help clients with current difficulties and long standing problems with sensitivity and compassion. I build on my clients strengths to help them gain self confidence, and to identify and reach their life goals. I draw on a variety of techniques and alternative approaches to meet their particular needs. I begin by building a strong supportive therapeutic alliance with clients.','6504379638');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(339,143495,'Peter Newsom','Dr. Newsom is board certified in Child, Adolescent, and Adult Psychiatry. His career in medicine spans over 30 years. Prior to becoming a psychiatrist, Dr. Newsom was board certified in Emergency Medicine (1992-2002) and worked as an ER doctor in New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago where he treated over half a million patients. Recently, he became board certified in Integrative Holistic Medicine. He has always utilized holistic and integrative approaches. Dr. Newsom has cared for individuals with a wide variety of conditions, including mood disorders, anxiety disorders, autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit disorder, and traumatic brain injury. Mindfulness Centered Healing offers an integrative holistic treatment program to individually address each patient''s needs whether they are behavioral, psychological or physiological. As a unique progressive psychiatry practice, MCH integrates effective modalities into one exceptional program, including psychiatry, mindfulness, biofeedback, neurofeedback, and integrative holistic medicine. MCH utilizes biofeedback as one of the many integrative treatment modalities offered to its clients. Biofeedback is a process that enables individuals to learn physiological and mental self-regulation techniques to improve health and performance. With biofeedback and neurofedback, individuals become able to alter various inefficient neurological pathways.','6506562795');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(340,115409,'Rubye Cervelli','My main interest is to support the development of the authentic self. We can get stuck in false beliefs about ourselves that leave us feeling frustrated and limited. Getting in touch with our inner wisdom may lead to a greater sense of freedom and flow with life. I work with adults in a collaborative manner to help improve your life and relationships. I have experience and success with adults suffering from trauma, anxiety and depression. My holistic approach works to integrate the body, mind, and emotions. I am strongly influenced by Carl Jung''s work and pull from a variety approaches that may include EMDR Therapy, mindfulness-based counseling, and psychodynamic therapy as well as dream work, guided imagery, meditation, art, collage, and sandplay therapy.','6502764687');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(341,250056,'Wendy Yeh','Do you feel like you are high functioning on the outside, but on the inside you are struggling with self-doubts and anxiety? Do you feel like your worries are getting in the way of delivering your best performance? Do your family and friends think that you have a great life style but you are frustrated with your relationship and don''t know how to fix it? Whether you are looking to create warm and loving relationship or ace your career, I can help you have more clarity and build skills you need to live a fulfilled life. I specialize in working with mid-career adults and parents of adolescents to develop skills and insights to meet the new challenges you have in your life. I provide safe environment so you can discover what''s holding you back and make changes through the use of EMDR and mindfulness. I understand the challenge of work life balance having worked for 15 years in a Fortune 500 company. I speak English and Mandarin. I am trained in Emotional Focused Couple Therapy, EMDR and Hakomi. I am a trained yoga teacher and taught both adults and special-need school age children.','6506662099');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(342,272785,'Tu Hoang','Tu Hoang is a Marriage and Family Therapist Intern and received her Masters in Counseling Psychology from Santa Clara University. Tu enjoys working with clients in a partnership to help individuals meet their goals for a healthy lifestyle. She wants to help individuals realize a life of compassion, humility and gratitude in their relationships with themselves and others. In 2014, she was introduced to the T.E.A.M model by Dr. David Burns. She joins the weekly seminar group at Stanford University, actively participating and learning the T.E.A.M model. Her area of clinical interests are working with individuals and their families on treating relationship issues, habits and addictions, anxiety, depression, and individuals who are currently stuck, and want help becoming unstuck. Rather than treating a disorder, her work is toward treating to whole person. She is practicing and completing her hours under the guidance of Dr. Karen Yeh, PsyD. and Supervised by Dr. G.Katie Dashtban, PsyD. at the Feeling Good Therapy and Training Center of Fremont. Please call for a free 15 minute consultation at 510.896.8958.','5105925373');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(343,249085,'Rocio Rodriguez','I am licensed bilingual, bicultural family therapist who has been working over the last 15 years with individuals, couples and families in outpatient treatment, mental health clinics, and in private practice clinics. My ideal client is the person who is ready to take a real hard look at them-self, and they respond to the safe space that I provide in order to begin the therapeutic work . I normally work with individuals, children or adolescents, however, in my practice I find that the issues of the individual is the issue of the family . I also work with the more common issues of depression and anxiety, and in many cases, these two issues are often part of other ongoing challenges like substance abuse or gambling, domestic violence and child abuse, parenting issues and custody disputes, and academic and intellectual challenges. In addition to my clinical practice, I also provide mental health assessments and evaluations for immigration cases with regards to Visa U, Political Asylum and deportation hardship waiver cases. I find that when the client is open to explore the issue, then the real work can begin.','4157636455');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(344,142743,'Genie Lee','I am a licensed Marriage, Family, Child therapist and have extended experience working with individuals, couples, families, and adolescents for the past 17 years in the Bay Area. I have a wide range of experience working with diverse populations and a multitude of issues and have supervised many interning therapists both individually and in groups. I am certified as an Imago Relationship Therapist and specialize in couples work. I also work with individuals 1:1, adolescent and adult. I also supervise Marriage, Family Therapist Interns to help them get the experience they need and pass their exams for licensure. I specialize in working with couples who are having relationship issues and want to reconnect and improve their relationship. Imago Therapy is a therapy mode which is structured so that a couple can hear each other and develop a better understanding of each other and themselves. I also have years of experience working with adolescents individually and in family sessions. The adolescent years are sometimes very difficult for the young person and their family. I work to help the adolescent improve communication skills so that he/she can connect with their parents and strengthen their relationship.','4086278529');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(345,107031,'Connie Cha','I am an NYU and Cornell educated psychiatrist who is dedicated to improving client''s lives through an individualized approach. I treat adults 18 and over with a wide range of psychiatric disorders including depression, anxiety, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. I also have an interest in helping those who are struggling with relationship difficulties, problems with work or school, or other life transitions. My approach is tailored to each client, according to their goals in treatment, and I am quite collaborative in my style. I will work with each client to find the optimal combination of medications and therapy. I strive to be comprehensive and compassionate. I am responsive to my client''s needs and have a recovery focused treatment approach.','6504698920');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(346,117652,'Nancy Andersen','It''s time to start feeling better. You''ve tried distraction, talking to friends. But like a ball pushed underwater, your feelings of anxiety, unhappiness, grief or sadness keep surfacing. Distress disturbs your life, relationships and sleep. Worst of all, these bad feelings, like a shameful secret, isolate you. It doesn''t have to be this way. Asking for help to feel better is a sign of strength, not weakness. I am dedicated to helping individuals and couples recognize and overcome the obstacles between them and their dreams. Personal growth, intimacy and self-confidence are natural outcomes of successful therapy. With counseling, each conversation is an opportunity to understand yourself, your partner (if applicable) and your choices better, improve relationships, laugh more and feel optimistic about your future. What would your life be like without distress? Together we can find out, working through the blocks, recognizing patterns and instilling hope. I am the only Los Altos couples counselor trained in Emotionally Focused Therapy, an empirically-validated method to alleviate marital distress. EFT goes beyond repairing rifts, fostering connection, personal growth and intimacy to create a safe haven/secure base for couples. Effective, collaborative counseling that respects each partner''s experience.','6505342904');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(347,80339,'Michael Sally','I have been in practice for more than 25 years, focusing my work with adolescents, adults, families, and couples. My work is fully integrated and i look at the whole person, building on the strengths and values they possess. My specialties include working with life transitions, depression, grief/loss, relationship and parenting issues, and sexuality. I enjoy working on the creative process with clients, helping them to gain insight into their own process and ultimately build on their self esteem and worth. My work is typically focused and directive, building on solutions and the strength of the individual. I have spent over 20 years working with individuals, young adults, couples and families who have struggled with issues related to depression/anxiety, phase of life transitions, relationships, and sexuality. I use an supportive and direct approach and assist clients work through blocks they may encounter in life. I also have training in EMDR. I thoroughly enjoy working with the creative individual who may have challenges in accessing their full potential and optimal functioning in their daily life. This would include anything from dealing with health related concerns to unblocking their own demons which can get in their way.','6502097647');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(348,186010,'Stefani Largent','You may be grieving the loss of a loved one. Perhaps you''ve reached a crossroads in your life. You find yourself making unhealthy choices. You feel stuck and your quality of life isn''t what you want it to be. Psychotherapy can help you explore and clarify your feelings and needs, move through grief, change unhealthy behavioral patterns, develop close relationships, live more authentically, and improve life satisfaction. I provide compassionate psychotherapy to Women (ages 16 yrs. and up). My approach is warm, friendly and supportive. I treat a wide array of issues including: Depression · Anxiety · Stress · Grief &amp; Loss · Betrayal · Infidelity · Divorce · Breakups · Relationship Difficulties · Peer Problems · Academic Stress · Coping Skills · Communication/Assertiveness Skills · Self Esteem · Dating Skills · Parental Support · Family Issues · Codependency · Body Image · Adult Children of Alcoholics · Empty Nest · Menopause · Phase of Life Issues · Caregiver Stress · Health Concerns My office is conveniently located in downtown Menlo Park - Minutes from Stanford, Palo Alto, Redwood City, Mountain View. Office hours: Monday - Friday - 7:00 am - 9:00 pm, Saturday - 7:00 am - 2:00 pm. Ample Parking - Public Transportation - Serving San Francisco Bay Area and Silicon Valley.','6505819697');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(349,141350,'Kelley Parke','We can emerge from our struggles more sturdy, wise, and fulfilled than ever before. This is the opportunity hidden in life''s challenges: they compel us to stretch and grow, to uncover untapped potentials, and to engage our lives in new and creative ways. My role is to serve as a support and guide to help you transform struggle into growth and change. I bring a warm and open heart, years of experience, and a thorough knowledge of a variety of therapeutic methods including leading-edge mindfulness-based approaches. I have successfully worked with individuals struggling with depression, grief, and life transitions. I have a particular interest in helping heal traumatic wounds and in helping people reduce anxiety and to better navigate the stressful demands of contemporary life. The quality of the therapeutic relationship is an essential factor in successful therapy. To help you determine if I may be the right therapist for you, I am happy to offer a free half-hour consultation either by phone or in person. I look forward to hearing from you.','6502907765');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(350,7050,'Brendan Pratt','As a father of two children, I know how important it is to seek the best education for our children. Being a compassionate psychologist with over ten years experience in supporting children who struggle with learning, inattention, anxiety and depression, I understand that learning, socializing and adapting to new environments can be difficult. Psychological testing can highlight a child''s strengths, clarify areas of need and provide parents and teachers with practical steps they can take. I work with children with all levels of skill and areas of concern. Together with parents and teachers, we work to ensure that your child has the appropriate environment for learning. I completed my doctorate in clinical psychology at the California School of Professional Psychology and a two-year post-doctoral fellowship in pediatric neuropsychology. If you need psychological testing, educational support, school placement assistance or parenting strategies, email me at brendan@prattcenter.com or visit www.prattcenter.com','6502097935');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(351,239189,'Raha','Rahaa is a directory that consists of Psychiatrists,Psychologists, Marriage and Family Therapists, and Social Workers in Northern California. To find a provider nearest to you, simply check our website and click on the city that best suits your location. Our providers are from all over the Bay Area. Providers listed on the website offer mental health services in Farsi and English.','9252737282');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(352,179808,'Jan Fisher','I work with individual adults and couples to address anxiety, depression, trauma, stress, sexuality, social anxiety, and spirituality. Work with couples also focuses on conflict resolution, communication, and intimacy. I specialize in EMDR, creative expression, authentic movement, mindfulness, and mindfulness-based stress reduction. Clients I see want to improve their inner and outer worlds, have happy and satisfying relationships with themselves and others, and learn more about themselves in order to feel more love, happiness, joy, and fulfillment in their lives. I accept and embrace individuals exactly as they are, while also challenging them to consider new perspectives and behaviors. I led cognitive-behavioral groups for overcoming shyness at the Social Anxiety Clinic; trained as a mindfulness-based stress reduction instructor; studied and practiced several spiritual disciplines; and specialized in creative expression in my graduate studies. I have completed training for Eye-Movement Desensitization Reprocessing certification, a treatment for trauma. I was trained in transpersonal psychology, which includes knowledge of religious and spiritual disciplines, and a focus on development of the whole individual, of heart, mind, body, and spirit. My work with sexuality comes from over 20 years of experience, and a deep level of knowledge and acceptance.','6508263595');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(353,114272,'Vivian Gratton','Do you want to feel better without conforming to someone else’s idea of wellness to do so? Are you looking for ways to help your children without them feeling that something is wrong with them and needs to be fixed? I specialize in working with adults and children who have found themselves “out-of-the-box” in one way or another, whether that be high sensitivity or learning, neurological, or physical differences, gender expression or sexual orientation and expression, or simply an unconventional experience and expression of life. My work is body-centered and resource-based. I help you build internal and external resources to effectively and creatively meet life and be who you want to be. I use a mindful, heart-centered approach to resolve hurts and develop strategies for coping with all that life presents. I welcome the unique and authentic in each person and relationship and honor the ways that each person, by being themselves, opens up more room in the world. I offer a free introductory session so that you can see whether my approach is a good fit for you.','8312165386');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(354,148205,'Nancy Witt','Are you experiencing a crisis? Anxious? Having problems sleeping? Not sure what to do but know something needs to be done and quick? I would like to help you feel better. Almost twenty years in private practice have provided me with a wide range of experience in stabilizing crises and developing treatment plans to meet your goals. Typically, I draw from psychodynamic, family systems, and cognitive behavioral theories and work primarily with adults and adolescents. It is of the utmost importance to me to offer an emotionally safe space, where you can know with certainty that you can be yourself without fear of judgment. Clients with questions or concerns about their children frequently bring them to me because I have 30+ years of experience with children and have observed and worked with literally hundreds of them (especially birth to 6). I bring a lot of first-hand experience with life phase transitions but I work to keep up with pop culture and advances in technology. I am particularly invested in assisting clients to use humor as a coping skill. I look forward to hearing from you and answering your questions.','6505574895');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(355,238454,'Colleen Cunningham','I appreciate working with people who for whatever reason feel change tugging on them. Sometimes this "tug" may manifest as a crisis in one''s life. I believe that some of the most profound changes are initiated through what are experienced as a crisis. My role as your therapist is to establish a relationship with you which honors and supports you as you begin the extraordinary journey of learning more about yourself, and the options that life has for you. I whole heartedly believe in, and trust the role therapy plays in our lives. Healing does happen. "Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." -Carl Jung','6505427093');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(356,171537,'Patrice M Perillo','I help people who are struggling with CAREER TRANSITIONS &amp; LIFE CHANGES. If you''re feeling stuck, confused or overwhelmed about what you want to do next in your career or life, I can help you. We''ll look at where you are now &amp; where you want to be. Then, I''ll help you map out a plan to help you achieve your goals. Along the way, I''ll help you get rid of NEGATIVE THINKING, self-sabotage, and, the fear that keeps you stuck. Most importantly, you''ll develop the tools, confidence, and momentum to KEEP MOVING forward. My techniques include well-tested therapies &amp; innovative approaches such as NLP, cognitive therapy, hypnosis, dreamwork, mindfulness, accelerated learning &amp; more. Beyond techniques, however, we''ll engage in a process that is tailored specifically for you. I work to help you get the results you want in your life. You''ll experience COMPASSIONATE LISTENING, ACCEPTANCE &amp; the SAFETY to try out new perspectives &amp; actions. You''ll build confidence &amp; inner strength AND NOTICE POSITIVE RESULTS in a short time. Hesitation is natural, so is the desire to MOVE FORWARD. If you''re on the verge of change, I want to help.','4157993784');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(357,184177,'Theresa Chesnut','Once you make the decision to seek therapy, finding a therapist who "gets you" is the key element in starting the process. I focus on: Eating disorders Trauma resolution / PTSD Adolescents in crisis Elite athletes.As a psychodynamic therapist, my goal is to help clients uncover their true potential and lead a life that is meaningful; it''s about having a life that becomes worth celebrating. I work with clients from a holistic approach to therapy through exploration of psychological, emotional, spiritual and relational aspects of life. I use an integrative counseling approach, utilizing a strengths-based perspective grounded in both psychodynamic and Internal Family Systems (IFS) theories. My therapeutic focus guides clients through a transformative process to find self-confidence, self-trust, self-compassion and a more easeful, balanced life. If you are looking for extra support and guidance from a challenging situation, I will work with you to achieve your goals.','6509468232');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(358,204335,'Mary Larenas','Early Recovery Management - Focuses on helping you make a decision about your alcohol-drug use by providing a confidential, supportive discussion and evaluation. Sobriety Management - Focuses on keeping you on the sobriety track. If you are already sober but are questioning your progress or concerned about relapse. Education - Understanding why human beings are susceptible to addiction, how our brains and bodies are affected by substances helps you reach your goals of sobriety or harm reduction. Education can be provided individually or in group lecture format. Behavioral change can happen when we examine the patterns in our lives and thoughts. My services focus on providing education and strategic plan development to help my clients achieve their goal. I use my extensive training, education and experience in neuropsychology, psychology, addiction, substance abuse, scientific research and geriatric mental health to help guide my clients through the process of behavioral change. Dissertation examined the course of alcohol dependence in women. Postdoc at U.C.S.F. Memory and Aging Center. Intern at Laguna Honda Hospital &amp; Rehabilitation Center in Dept.of Neuropsychology, Substance Abuse, Chronic brain injuries &amp; diseases. Worked in private practice. 9 years research on alcoholism;17 years research in biotechnology.','6508876504');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(359,132841,'Terri Zucker','As a clinical health psychologist, I treat both psychological and medical conditions They are often connected. Increasing both your emotional and physical well-being will give you more mental clarity. We then figure out how your thoughts, emotions, and life events are impacting you physical and mental health. As a client you become a partner in your own healing. The evidence-based treatments provided are Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy, Dialectical Behavioral Therapy, and coping skills. Coping skills include biofeedback, breathing, muscle relaxation, mindfulness, and restorative yoga. I treat older adults 18-90+. I believe that ones unique personal history and cultural mix affects health. About insurance: I employ a billing specialist-- to eliminate uncertainty and headaches. She will verify your eligibility, obtain authorization for deductibles, co-pays, and bill your insurance. You pay the co-payment only; you need not bill your insurance. PPO''s and Out-of-network clients are usually reimbursed well.','6504890765');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(360,197796,'Mary Bains','I have a variety experiences working with groups, individuals, couples, adolescents, older adults and children. My background includes training, coaching, stress management, motivation-goalsetting, anger management, and parenting programs. My ideal client is one who is motivated and invested in their personal development. I''m certified to offer Clinical Supervision. My speciality is coaching and assisting individuals in achieving wholeness, happiness, productivity and peace. I am a licensed psychotherapist. I''ve additional training in Mental Health First Aid. I am available to conduct on-site training workshops in Mental Health First Aid, Stress Management, Conflict Resolution, Motivation and Anger Management. The name of my practice is Mind, Music, Body and Spirit Connection. I approach every one of these areas to support individuals in attaining balance and wholeness.','8319204149');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(361,260036,'Chevalisa Bruzzone','I have a somatic focus, which means I can help you discover what is happening in your body as a fast track to healing whatever is on your mind. By slowing down and getting present, we can unwind difficulties, move through stuckness and create more capacity for closeness and connection. I have specialized training in Hakomi, EMDR, EFT, PACT and Stanford GSB''s Interpersonal Dynamics Facilitator Program. Please call me for a free phone consultation.','8312784060');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(362,124524,'Susan Meehan','I provide a warm and safe environment where we can work on finding adaptive ways of managing your life challenges, whatever they may be. Over my many years of practice, I''ve worked with individuals, couples, and families on a wide variety of issues, including anxiety and depression, management of relationships, and adjustments to transitions (including divorce, co-parenting, loss of a job, and financial stress). I specialize in anxiety management, stress and coping, and issues related to chronic illness, but I work with people with a wide range of issues and backgrounds. My goal is to help you navigate life''s challenges, so my style is collaborative and supportive, working to find ways to better help you understand the relationship between your thoughts, beliefs, and behaviors in a way that is tailored to your needs. Please feel free to get in touch for a free phone consultation. I look forward to hearing from you.','6507048245');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(363,137101,'Tanya Pekker','You have found me on the Web through your own search, so you are presumably trying to find an affordable professional therapist who would suit your particular needs. As a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist, I can offer counseling and therapy. Caring professional support and understanding can provide relief and healing during stressful times. I work with adults, couples and elderly clients. My treatment is based on philosophy of mutual understanding, respect and trust. I am committed to providing the highest quality of service and care in compassionate and confidential environment. Please contact me if I may be of assistance to you. Life is often far from easy, and living a full life can be even more elusive. I consider your call to be major healthy step towards moving forward in your life.','6504526311');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(364,279228,'Azra Alic','Does anxiety interfere with your pursuit of personal and professional goals? Do you have difficulty managing your emotions? I work with individuals who are struggling to manage anxiety and other emotional difficulties. My goal is to provide a calm and compassionate environment in which my clients can learn tools to attain greater life satisfaction and well-being. Utilizing my training in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Exposure and Response Prevention (ERP), and Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT), I will collaborate with you to develop a treatment approach that meets your needs. Both daytime and evening hours are available to fit your schedule.','6506655117');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(365,251174,'Maria Levy Downs Psychotherapy','I believe for therapy to be effective, there must be established trust, a willingness to be vulnerable and a commitment to be authentically. I work with those seeking for a more balanced sense of themselves. My style is direct, transparent, insight-oriented and Psychodynamic. I use cognitive behavioral techniques and evidence based practices to help clients achieve their goals of working through depression, managing anxiety, replenishing caregiver-burnt out and coping with life stress. I am a family educator and also believe a sense of humor (when appropriate), is necessary for this line of work. My specialty is working with adolescents or young adults with eating disorders and their loved ones. Other areas of emphasis include: low self-esteem, relationship or marital discord, parenting challenges, issues with assertiveness and cross-cultural issues. I also appreciate helping individuals find a work-life balance. I am a certified SoulCollage® facilitator and practitioner. I am currently undergoing training to be a certified Family Based Therapist and am a firm believer in collaborating with other treatment providers as adjunct support for my clients to ensure I am treating them from a holistic perspective.','6506660967');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(366,59492,'Dorian Manke','My job is to begin where you are and help you prepare for your next stage of change. I use an integrative approach, working from the inside out (objects relations, family systems, cognitive-behavioral, psychodynamic, others) to support your process and movement. We all start with assumptions about life. Then life happens, and we have to begin again having been changed. Loss becomes growth as we embrace new and mature understanding of ourselves and life. I am a clinical psychologist with over 10 years experience working with complicated but interesting people who are addressing individual, relationship, life, and spiritual issues. My service also includes a wide range of proactive life enhancements (e.g. marriage building; career development). When working with couples, I use the Gottman method. These approaches are grounded in theory and supported by research. Whatever the immediate problem, we will build a customized plan leading to new awareness and resilience. Insight oriented approaches or Cognitive work are best for some, skill training (mood regulation, interpersonal skills building, career path work) work for others, and adult sand tray work and art therapy are best for certain others. Spirituality is an important part of therapy for many.','6502412403');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(367,175644,'Debra Gordon','Education/Experience: I earned my B.A. at Cornell University and was later an International Fellow at the University of Geneva, Switzerland. There, I studied the work of Jean Piaget, a child development pioneer. My doctorate is from the University of California, Berkeley and my postdoctoral NIMH fellowship at Stanford University. I was Associate Professor at California School of Professional Psychology (now Alliant University) and previously Assistant Professor at Pacific Graduate School of Psychology, I have been a contract psychologist at Stanford Medical Center in the Department of Behavioral Medicine and a past president of the Santa Clara Psychological Association. Prior to becoming a psychologist, I was an assistant Montessori teacher. I currently work with families, children, and adults. Initially, I meet parents to discuss children''s needs. We then explore the most appropriate therapeutic approach. I have also done hundreds of custody evaluations for high conflict and collaborative divorce. Services include Child, Family and Adult Psychotherapy; Child Development; Play Therapy; Consultation; Child Custody Evaluation; Brief Focused Assessment; Co-Parenting for Families of Divorce; Divorce Mediation (High Conflict and Collaborative); Reunification Therapy; Parent/Child Relationships; and Expert Witnessing.','4085164192');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(368,153750,'Emily Caruthers','If you are struggling with eating issues I want you to know there is help. As an eating disorder specialist with many years of experience in a variety of treatment programs and levels of care, I have witnessed the transformation from incarceration to liberation many times over. While full recovery is absolutely possible, it is not an easy road and it looks different for everyone. My expertise is in partnering with you to find the way through. You CAN have a life free from your eating issues. My focus is on alleviating the suffering associated with the full spectrum of eating issues. This extends to co-morbid issues such as mood, anxiety, trauma or addiction. I specialize in working with adolescents, families and young adults, but will work with individuals from 11 to 50+. It is important to know that I am interactive in my therapeutic style. I believe it is important for me to show up in the therapeutic relationship. This does not mean that your session time is about me, but rather that I engage fully in the therapeutic conversation with you.','6504925584');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(369,228478,'Saadia Faouzi','Are you experiencing self-doubt? Do you feel less and less motivated and it''s getting hard for you to be yourself fully? Are you anxious? Depressed? Angry? Do you feel misunderstood and blamed? Are you overwhelmed? Do you feel lost and you don''t know what to do? My therapy services can help you. Using therapy tools that work, I will help you overcome the road blocks that are on the way to your true self and to your happiness. My therapy services are client centered, individualized and strength based. Most importantly, they are tailored to meet your values and cultural needs. Using tools such as EMDR and CBT, I will work with you to be happy again! I can provide therapy in French. For more information about my practice, please visit www.mtnviewtherapy.com','4087634115');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(370,238244,'Shire House Inc.','Our residential program addresses the behavioral challenges of young adults within the high functioning Autism spectrum. As behaviors are identified, appropriate interventions, methods, techniques, and supports are applied. We instruct and guide on how to manage issues such as, but not limited to, emotional regulation, anxiety, depression, social and independent living skills. We address and direct behaviors such as failing to thrive or launch. What makes us unique is that we accept and work with clients with challenging behaviors, that our program can be short term or long term, that our program is tailored to each individual client, and that our program includes 24-hour supervision. We use outside professionals and agencies to provide the therapeutic services, employment development, or academic assistance our clients might need. A Shire House client transitions into either a college dorm, apartment or shared housing. Our second residence is a shared housing model and we plan to create other shared housing models as the need arises.  <h3>A Shire House Client Profile</h3> Our clients are between the ages of 18 - 28 and male or female. Our clients understand that we are a program and that one of our requirements is needing to decide and work towards one of the following; being a full-time student, being employed full-time or part-time of both. Understand and agree to work towards self-management in one''s thinking process, behaviors and actions. A Shire House client agrees to be open to guidance and instruction from staff and any other professional that is part of our program.  <h3>Shire House Social Opportunities</h3> Shire House provides social opportunities for our clients by opening our doors to other young adults on the spectrum twice a week. These socials are a time to introduce, practice and reinforce social skills. These socials are opportunities to meet like-minded peers and form friendships and community. A Shire House client is also encouraged to create their own social opportunities with friends and family.','4086277103');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(371,72213,'Anna Nedelisky','Develop the skills and insight to improve your life in meaningful ways. Our work together will be collaborative, but also goal-oriented. I will offer feedback, support and insight, and encourage you to gradually integrate changes into your daily life. For more information about what to expect in our work together: www.clinicalpsychsolutions.com','9172677235');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(372,124498,'Michelle Bebb','Hello and welcome! I am Dr. Michelle Bebb and I appreciate that you are taking the time to visit my website and learn about my services. As a licensed clinical psychologist (PSY 25020), I specialize in working with individuals, couples, and families as they deal with emotional difficulties, relational issues and overall life transitions. I believe in partnering with my clients to help them to achieve the change that they desire. Please contact me @ 408.684.0958 or dr.michelle.bebb@hushmail.com, if you have questions or if you would like to schedule an appointment.','6502765827');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(373,64495,'Raya Smail','If you have made your way to this page, you are probably struggling with a "relationship problem"--either with someone else, or with yourself. This is likely causing you significant emotional pain. Your predicament may have been triggered by a recent event, such as loss or trauma, or may have lingered and festered for years. Your symptoms may vary--you may experience persistent discontent, loneliness, emptiness...; have difficulty finding or sustaining a relationship, or have a spouse who wants you to get "fixed".You may be battling addiction or a destructive behavior that is thwarting your life, but impossible to give up, despite endless attempts. Are you suffering from disabling bouts of anxiety, which leave you incapacitated, or bouts of depression that make life seem worthless, or worse yet, unbearable? Are you embroiled in a vicious cycle of obsessive compulsive rituals? If so, psychotherapy can definitely help. Areas of special focus: *Bariatric surgery and obesity * Russian, Hebrew, English--culturally sensitive counseling for issues concerning immigration and acculturation. * Interfaith marriage * Cancer patient and their family. * Eating disorders. * Psychosomatic issues and chronic pain. * Infertility.','4157660949');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(374,277531,'Kristin Phillips-Matson','"Are you feeling hopeless, stuck, hurt or sad and wanting something to change in your life?" There are times when we experience intense emotions and desperately want things to be different. Even though these can be some of the most difficult circumstances we face, they can often also be the most significant because they serve to inspire us to grow. If you''re thinking about personal change and looking for a collaborative guide on your journey, I''m here to listen, support, challenge and encourage you - all within a confidential, accepting and nonjudgmental relationship. Are you concerned about your child''s social skills? I have several years of experience with preteens and adolescents and specialize in social-emotional issues related to kids with exceptional needs. I also specialize in working with adoptees as well people dealing with climate change-related grief and depression. The focus of my practice is helping youth and adults find emotional well-being and equilibrium in their lives. If you are looking for a caring, competent counselor who believes that all people are capable of growth and healing, I encourage you to contact me.','6506207281');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(375,262309,'Amy Hublou','Hello! My name is Amy Hublou and I am a licensed Marriage and Family Therapist. In addition to providing traditional talk therapy, offered in both Menlo Park and San Carlos, my Gallop Ventures team and I offer a variety of alternative and experiential Nature Based Therapies, including Equine Assisted Psychotherapy. I work with children as well as adults in both individual sessions and group settings, addressing a range of issues including emotional, behavioral, social, mental, and spiritual needs In addition to talk therapy, I offer Ecotherapy, which takes therapy from the couch to the outdoors. As well, I specialize in Equine Assisted Psychotherapy which is an experiential learning process where people interact with horses for their personal growth and development.','6507271436');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(376,129043,'Timothy Baima','I specialize in working with families, couples, and children &amp; adolescents. I strive to form relationships with my clients built upon trust, authenticity and collaboration. Working together we are able to open and expand possibilities to heal from pain, transform destructive cycles, and grow towards richer, more satisfying lives and relationships. Relationships often get stuck because we are unaware of ways we have hurt others and been hurt ourselves. Sometimes our best efforts to make things better seem to exacerbate the problem. I work to raise insight, facilitate healing, and open possibilities to connect in more satisfying ways. I have found that clients are often struggling to shield themselves and their relationships from a relentless assault of external stressors. Not least among these are dynamics of power, cultural marginalization, inequality and discrimination. My therapy often supports couples and families in uniting together to increase resiliency and personal empowerment. I offer a free initial phone consultation or office visit. I believe everyone should be able to benefit from therapy regardless of income. If we are a good fit for working together, I am willing to see you for whatever amount you can afford. Please do not let finances hold you back from seeking help.','5102395972');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(377,209024,'Tanya Gulevich','I have a wide experience working with clients who have experienced a major loss and and are grieving, whether the loss is the death of a loved one, the loss of a job, the loss of a relationship, or the losses that can come with chronic illness. I have also helped numerous people who are in emotionally and verbally abusive relationships, or have been in such relationships with partners, parents, or friends in the past. In addition, I enjoy helping people suffering from anxiety and depression to release these mood states and adopt a more tranquil state of mind. If you are dealing with any of these conditions you may feel hopeless or be uncertain about what to do. Begin the healing process by giving me a call. The best way to discern if I am the right therapist for you is by speaking with me on the phone or scheduling a consult visit. I want to assure you that I will not be looking at you as a bundle of problems, or as a diagnosis. I view my clients'' current troubles in the larger context of their talents, strengths and competencies. If you should have a disability of any sort, please know that my office is wheelchair accessible.','6503994228');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(378,67010,'Henry Mellen','"I talk to guys about what''s bugging them and help them fix it." Dr. Mellen has been advising bachelors and married men about work, women and the world of men for more than a decade - professionally, discreetly, privately.','6502097715');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(379,116414,'Magdalene Holtam PhD Psychologist','Feeling so sad that you are unable to enjoy anything? Overwhelmed by anxiety and stress? Struggling with low self-esteem? Therapy can be a place to receive support and learn new skills that bring positive change to your life. The advanced Cognitive Behavioral techniques that I utilize can help you learn how to reduce stress and anxiety, improve your mood, and feel happier and more satisfied with your life. I strive to help you accomplish these goals by providing a safe and accepting environment where you will feel comfortable sharing your struggles. I have worked effectively with adults who are seeking help with depression, low self-esteem, anxiety, stress, difficulty coping with medical problems, and struggles with cultural issues. The Cognitive Behavioral techniques that I utilize, have been proven to be effective in numerous research studies. My approach is goal-directed, active, and collaborative. I am a licensed clinical psychologist, and I primarily work with adults over age 17. My practice is LGBT friendly. Please refer to my website (www.clinicalpsychologistsanjose.com) for more information on my practice. I offer a free initial phone consultation for your convenience.','6502638472');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(380,207179,'Paul Brock','Are you tired of sabotaging your own success? Do you engage in self defeating behaviors that negatively impact your career and relationships? Did you grow up in a dysfunctional environment? Are you an adult but sometimes feel more like a child? Do you wonder why your relationships are not fulfilling? Do you have a difficult time determining what ''normal'' looks like (behavior, relationships, etc)? If you answered yes to any of these questions, I may be able to help. I offer early morning hours (starting at 5am) in the Financial District. I''m a psychotherapist with over 15 years of experience working with individuals, couples and groups to help them achieve their goals. My style is clinically grounded and client centered. My work focuses on helping you find meaning in your life. Adults who grew up in dysfunctional family environments, whether the dysfunction was due to alcoholism, addiction or some other illness often share a similar set of traits. Do you often find yourself criticizing your own actions harshly? Do you try to manage the reactions of others?','4153737349');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(381,235243,'Bright Heart Health','Bright Heart Health is the first online face-to-face addiction and eating disorder treatment program. Clients are treated by psychiatrists, therapists, dietitians, and other experts through online, live video group and individual sessions. Bright Heart Health provides medication-assisted treatment using Suboxone, substance abuse treatment, and eating disorder treatment. Bright Heart is making treatment more convenient, private, and effective. With Bright Heart Health, clients have access to life-saving treatment regardless of location, schedule, or income, from the privacy of their own home, office, or anywhere with WiFi. Bright Heart adheres strictly to federal HIPAA regulations and holds the highest ethical and technological standards regarding client privacy. Board-certified, experienced, and extremely dedicated, our team of top health professionals from across the country provide you with the highest standard of care, designed to meet your specific needs. You will receive the best, most convenient and private treatment available, without having to leave your front door.','8557818633');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(382,43842,'Lori Ann Wensley','You''re welcome to learn about my practice. I accept half an hour free consultations by phone or in-person. In brief, I have a developmental life span relationship-based biopsychosocial approach to viewing most difficulties. I use an eclectic approach because you are unique and need your specific issues addressed precisely. Let''s work together to find solutions that allow you to develop and change in healthy ways. Thank you for your time.','4159353921');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(383,34599,'Bob Livingstone','I work with children, adolescents, and adults. I have been in private practice for twenty-eight years and I believe therapy issues are all related to loss. I specialize in working with children of divorce, those who have lost a loved one, men with anger issues, and the problems of teenagers. I am the author of five self-help books. My new book is titled Letting go of Grief: Move your Body to Rock and Soul. You can check it out here: http://tinyurl.com/k8kggrv I am goal oriented, direct and provide short as well as long-term treatment depending on your needs and wishes. I utilize talk therapy as well as sandtray therapy. I have also written a book about sandtray therapy and you can find more information about it at www.boblivingstone.com. I feel that I utilize my life experiences as well as my professional ones to connect and assist with my clients. For example, my father died when I was fifteen-this experience enables me to step into the shoes of someone who lost a parent, friend or spouse.','6507411534');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(384,82835,'Max Burns','I offer evidence based psychotherapy and psychopharmacology. My therapy approach is an eclectic mix of Cognitive Behavioral (CBT), Dialectical Behavioral (DBT), and psychodynamic. I enjoy the challenges of complex patient problems.','6502396279');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(385,153194,'Jesse Moon','Are you currently experiencing anxiety, depression, loneliness, low self esteem, conflicts in a significant relationship, couples counseling? Do you need assistance in overcoming an addiction? or someone you care about is struggling with addiction? I believe that I can help you to feel better! Together we will collaborate on a meaningful,symptom reducing treatment.You can achieve an increased sense of well being and self esteem. Your relationships can improve, I offer empathetic and individualized counseling tailored to your unique needs and circumstances. I believe in focusing on and encouraging your particular strengths. Reduced fee for those in need, Interns. I believe that you want to be listened to, understood and validated. I offer what I believe to be effective treatments for anxiety, depression, addiction recovery, relationship difficulties or a general sense of dissatisfaction with your life at this time. Therapy can often improve your sense of well being, meet challenges and your goals. I have additional certifications in the treatment of domestic violence, trauma, alcohol/addiction I use person centered, CBT and various other therapies listed in my profile. I believe in providing a supportive, encouraging and positive counseling experience, Combining practical solutions with insight and the healing of past wounds.','6502739813');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(386,106572,'Hal Lynne Micali','With over 15 years of experience I am a DBT, Dialectical Behavioral Therapy, therapist who focuses on behavior and emotion with warmth, kindness and persistence. When we meet for the first time we will discuss goals you wish to achieve and plan how to accomplish these goals in a collaborative way. We will work to understand the reasons that lead you to desire help. We will practice ways to make changes in the session and determine ways to apply them in between sessions so you can generalize them in your everyday life. I offer DBT and RO- DBT skills groups based on mindfulness for people who difficulty with relationships, regulating emotions and tolerating distress learning skillful ways to deal with these problems. RO-DBT enables people to learn flexibilty of mind enabling ways to deal with perfectionism and loneliness.','6502620075');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(387,104729,'Kirsten Harnett','As a therapist I believe each person has the capability and potential of living outside the bounds of fear, anxiety, apathy, and/or depression if they so desire. I see my role as both collaborator and guide, bearing witness to my client''s stories and helping grow insight so new, more empowering stories might be written. I do this using several techniques including changing maladaptive, deeply ingrained thinking/feeling/behavior patterns, and exploring challenging childhood, family, and relationship history. I have experience treating issues of anxiety, depression, destructive relationship patterns, and clients with painful spiritual experiences they want assistance healing. While I have a range of experience, my specialty involves work with individual, single adults who have experienced trauma or challenge in their dating lives and/or carry pain associated with the unmet desire to be married. This starting point often leads to deep exploration of family and childhood history.','4157234131');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(388,204351,'Laurie Goren','I specialize in helping clients manage discomfort from trauma, loss, relationship difficulties, and performance demands (e.g., test taking, public presentation, and stage performance). I work with children and adults in individual therapy as well as with couples, families and groups. A warm, creative atmosphere fosters client curiosity and involvement in their own healing. The focus of this psychotherapy is on maximizing the health of the individual as mind, body, and spirit acting as part of a fluid matrix of social and environmental influences. The approach involves an individualized plan for exploring patterns of belief, thought and behavior and encouraging healthy relationships with self and others. I take a humanistic multi-modal approach to psychotherapy that is primarily grounded in psycho-dynamic and attachment theories. I may employ specific intervention techniques from cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT), Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprogramming Therapy (EMDR), mindfulness based and somatic psychotherapies.','4157982454');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(389,49353,'Nikki Klein','Welcome. Are you looking for a therapist or life coach with a personalized approach to what''s challenging you? Are you experiencing lack of fulfillment in your relationships,work or just in general? Support and compassion, along with real tools you can use right away in a safe, non-judgmental space are what I offer. I can assist you in recognizing patterns which keep you stuck and help you to practice new behaviors. I have a great deal of experience in working with Cognitive Behavioral Therapy techniques which are efficient and effective in helping to change thoughts and behaviors. In addition to a Masters degree in Counseling Psychology, my license as a Registered Nurse provides me expanded knowledge of medical conditions and their impact on emotional behavior. Helping you through stressful life transitions whether it be depression, divorce, parenting or any relationship issue, you can explore and heal parts of your life that cause you pain. I look forward to speaking with you and discussing how I might be able to assist you. I also do phone counseling sessions.','6509242927');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(390,259047,'Ken Stamper','My therapeutic style is approachable, warm, curious, and, when necessary, challenging. I draw from my training in the lineage of Gestalt Therapy, working in the ''here and now'' to find out how we can create a new experience. I''m interested in your dreams- literally and metaphorically, and where those dreams take us. We will work to see where you can learn respond to your environment with greater freedom and choice, where you can see possibilities and turn them into actualities. I''m here to support you in becoming your best self. My particular interest with individuals is in working with clients who feel that they are not living a life that feels fully alive or authentic. This is often manifested in feelings of anxiety or depression, through addictive or compulsive behavior with substances, sex, gambling, porn, and compulsive internet/screen use. I also enjoy working with couples of all sexual orientations and business/start-up partners using a Gestalt Systems approach, a way of working that honors both the similarities and differences in your relationship and helps find ways that you can achieve your collective and individual needs.','6505508969');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(391,149518,'Mariela Costello','I am a licensed clinical psychologist, bilingual in Spanish, with over 12 years of experience counseling children, adolescents, and adults. I work with a wide range of emotional and behavioral issues including depression, anxiety, relationship issues, grief and loss, life transitions, parenting issues, work stress and cultural diversity. I have a specialty interest in children on the autism spectrum and children with special needs. I also work with adults individually to address challenges in everyday life and to help clients develop better coping skills. I apply complementary therapeutic approaches tailored to each individual client. I am an empathic and compassionate therapist with considerable experience working with clients that come from diverse cultural backgrounds. I work with each individual to help them build on their strengths and attain the personal growth they are committed to accomplishing. Weekend hours available.','4087757973');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(392,54693,'Susan Stahl','I am a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist with over 30 years of experience providing individual, couples,and family therapy. I enjoy working with clients in various stages of couple-hood, helping them to focus on values and goals and how to best achieve these in their significant relationships. I also work with individuals who are seeking to create healthier relationships or those seeking support in coping with loss. Another part of my practice involves services to individuals who are at various stages of divorce. I have provided hundreds of mediation sessions and child custody evaluations. I also provide co-parent counseling, Parent Coordination,and Special Master services. In addition, I offer trial support and consultation. In my practice, I like to emphasize the strengths of each individual and to bolster their outside resources for the purpose of creating healthier lives and healthier relationships.','6509658551');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(393,137135,'Cognitive Renewal Inc.','As an experienced Licensed Clinical Social Worker, behavioral specialist and experienced therapist I work with a wide range of issues facing children, adolescents and adults. I specialize in working with parents and children struggling with challenges related to ADHD, Autism Spectrum Disorders, Oppositional Defiant Disorder, and Nonverbal Learning Disorders. I combine traditional therapy with in-home parent / child coaching. Through this blended approach, I can help address issues in the moment in the environment in which they occur - and then bring these discussions to the neutral environment of the my office for further discussion.','6508256584');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(394,40634,'Deborah Licurse','Knowing you can use some help and seeking out that help are signs of strength and courage. Therapy is not just helpful for getting to the bottom of an issue, but is often a much healthier alternative to treating symptoms alone. In therapy,we will work together to determine what treatment is best for you. "In a safe, supportive and empathic environment, we will determine your goals and work together at a non-threatening pace. This is not to say the work won''t be challenging, as gaining personal insight and changing behaviors or beliefs is rarely easy. However, The rewards can be life changing! "I enjoy working with individuals, couples and adolescents. I also have a great deal of experience helping couples communicate effectively, adolescents develop self-esteem, and people during life transitions. Please contact me with any questions and to see how I can help you live your life to your fullest potential!"','4086475976');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(395,270577,'Scott Henrywestwood','My practice is all about getting you the help that you want. Whether you are looking for substance abuse or process addiction (eating disorder, gaming, gambling, sex) treatment, for yourself or a struggling loved one, in overcoming it, I truly understand how frustrating and scary this time can be. My mission is to help everyone with compassion, love, respect, and integrity. Because addiction often affects every aspect of a person and their family, overcoming the pain can be daunting. By taking proven steps you &amp; your family can begin recovery. I can help you develop &amp; walk your own path to recovery. I''m a substance and process addiction counselor with vast and varied experience helping others find recovery through a choice of treatment options, and to overcome challenges. It''s my passion for and belief in the recovery process that led me to help individuals and families receive treatment. I have also struggled with addiction and am now celebrating long term sobriety. I hold a MA in healthcare administration from Stanford University, a BS in nursing from San Jose State University, and substance abuse studies certification from U.C. Berkeley. I hold an LAADC license through CCAPP.','4083370530');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(396,216476,'Heidi Meck','I am a licensed clinical psychologist with over 10 years of experience. I work with clients struggling to overcome anxiety, depression, eating disorders, trauma, relationship issues, life transitions, and identity development. I have worked in a variety of settings, including university counseling centers, drug and alcohol treatment centers, community mental health clinics, and hospitals. I received my Ph.D. from the California School of Professional Psychology at Alliant International University. I completed my pre-doctoral internship at University of California, Santa Cruz, and a post-doctoral fellowship at the adolescent and adult eating disorder programs at Kaiser Permanente, Oakland. One of my specialities is the treatment of eating disorders and body image issues. I am extremely passionate about empowering women and men to cultivate healthy relationships with food and their bodies. Both my masters thesis and dissertation research focused on the development of eating disorders in men. I see psychotherapy as a collaboration between therapist and client. We will build on your strengths, increase your insight into patterns and behaviors, and develop a therapeutic plan tailored to your specific goals. I strive to maintain a warm, safe, and supportive environment for fostering self-exploration and personal growth.','6502647779');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(397,172056,'Pam Moriarty','As a co-founder of Juniper Foundation I provide education, support and guidance to help individuals cope with loss and grief associated with death, divorce, illness, relationships or job. You will have a safe place to express and normalize emotions, learn coping strategies and learn Juniper''s methods of inner development including meditation, balancing emotions, cultivating compassion and insight. (www.juniperpath.org) Grief counseling and meditation training became a central part of my life after the death of my teenage son in 1998. After extensive studies in grief and loss, and 15 years of studying meditation under Segyu Rinpoche-I now share my knowledge and experience to benefit others. I provide one on one, small group and on-line support.','8315312074');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(398,11649,'Jean-Frederic Aboudarham','I am a no-nonsense therapist who quickly establishes a safe relationship with the client to work on the presenting issues. I connect particularly well with bipolar clients. I believe in helping clients to problem solve their issues by being a supporter mostly, a guide a times, and a reality check when necessary. The diversity I bring from my cultural, professional, and life experience background gives me a unique view point to understand and address client issues.','6506030415');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(399,264677,'Lisa Renae Nelson','Would you like to find your way back to joy and your authentic Self? Would you like to try psychotherapy, in nature? Are you struggling with anxiety, depression, grief, co-dependency, trauma, social disengagement, or is your life not working out the way you''d like? At my small Woodside ranch, I offer equine facilitated psychotherapy, where the horse is included in the session. Equines, being prey animals, pick up subtle, often unconscious cues and emotions, frequently before you are aware of it yourself. Horses reflect your emotions back without judgement or words; they are non-threatening teachers and friends. This experiential treatment modality works well due to the equine''s extreme sensitivity to emotional changes in humans. The equine responds to individuals in the moment, based on the person''s emotional state; they are a living biofeedback machine. This information allows for processing and addressing issues for the client I also provide standard office therapy and EMDR. Sometimes changing therapeutic modalities helps in exploring and addressing a fuller spectrum of issues. Because equine facilitated psychotherapy is a modality unfamiliar to many, I offer a complimentary 30 minute "Meet and Greet" to see if this modality works for you.','6502651676');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(400,91796,'Farzaneh Eleen','I am a licensed clinical psychologist specializing in Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. I started providing psychological services as a Marriage and Family Therapist in 1991 and then as a psychologist in 2002. I have worked extensively with children and adolescents in outpatient clinics, school based and residential treatment, and psychiatric hospitals. I have experience in assessing and treating anxiety, depression, eating disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder, ADHD, trauma, grief and loss, school issues, and family disruption. I integrate different treatment modalities to best meet the needs of clients including family based treatment, psychodynamic, cognitive behavioral treatment, mindfulness, EMDR, and interpersonal psychotherapy.','6505392648');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(401,107383,'Claudine Radford','"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." - Brené Brown Ph.D. LMSW. Whether you have decided to try therapy for the first time, or are returning in a different phase of your life, this leap can feel incredibly vulnerable. Finding and building a trusted therapeutic relationship, has the potential to guide you towards deep healing, and positive change. I am committed to the process of curiosity and transformation with all my clients. This work is incredibly deep, challenging, and ultimately profound. I hope to support you to safely explore your inner landscape, so that you are able to live with more resilience and joy. With compassion, pragmatism, and humor, I support my clients to address present moment "stuck-ness" that is typically rooted in depression, anxiety, trauma, and grief. What emerges is often a deeper self-understanding, optimized energy and time, and an overall experience of vitality and well-being. I am a strong believer in holistic health care. I collaborate with integrative professionals and medical doctors, in my work with clients, to create a successful network of support.','4155346277');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(402,86836,'Pathways Institute for Impulse Control','At the Pathways Institute we provide a safe place for you and your loved ones to move beyond painful and destructive patterns to a more meaningful and fulfilled life. At present there is no "quick fix" for impulse disorders and addictions. However, if you commit to treatment with us you can recover your psychological and emotional health, experience freedom from your compulsive behaviors, and learn to get your needs met in healthier ways. You can create a meaningful life and deeper, richer intimacy, while also making positive contributions from your experiences and hard-earned wisdom to our collective community. All of our staff members are professional licensed therapists and therapist interns specializing in the treatment of impulse disorders. They are selected for their skill, training, and empathy. In addition to impulse control disorders and addictions, we also provide psychoeducational assessments, support, and advocacy for learning and attention differences. We specialize in issues such as: compulsive stealing, sex addiction,substance abuse, compulsive shopping, compulsive spending, trichotillomania and other BFRBs, eating disorders, and other impulse disorders. We also treat partners and families of people in relationships with addicts, offenders, and people with behavioral problems, and work with survivors of trauma.','4157421912');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(403,141822,'Liz Powell','I''m committed to helping clients overcome feeling "stuck" in suffering and stress. I support adults, teens, children, and couples in healing following trauma, relational difficulties, a family member''s mental illness or abuse, or major life changes causing anxiety, depression, or fear. I am happy to answer your questions and help you connect with the resources to find more peace of mind, along with workable solutions to the challenges that bring you to therapy. Please call me if you''d like to explore compassionate therapy to: * Regulate strong emotions * Overcome traumatic memories, fear, avoidance * Overcome anxiety * Recover from abuse, neglect * Gain self-confidence and satisfying relationships * De-stress * Cope with difficult situations * Express your needs * Work through your child''s or teen''s issues * Move forward with needed changes','6503165687');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(404,104118,'Mara Bronstein','Welcome! With a warm, open, and interactive style, I aim to work collaboratively with you to help you examine what is getting in the way of your well being, learn new ways to approach your challenges and concerns, and move your life in a direction that is reflective of what matters to you most. I offer both brief and long term psychotherapy. I work with each individual to help them build on their strengths and attain the personal growth they are committed to accomplishing. I work primarily with adult individuals. My treatment specialties and areas of interest include: therapy for depression and anxiety, relationship issues, work and career issues, stress management, aging, living with medical issues, parenting issues, conflict resolution, grief counseling, addiction and recovery, identity development, and men''s issues. I particularly enjoy working with individuals who are new to psychotherapy. In my work, I integrate complementary methodologies and techniques to offer a highly personalized approach tailored to each client. I consider it a privilege to do this work and I welcome you to contact me for a consultation.','6508305336');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(405,57748,'Gabriele Hilberg','"Are you in a major life transition? I specialize in working with individuals and couples who are interested in examining those aspects of your life that are not working and have you stressed out. I help my clients uncover their core issues rapidly, generate breakthroughs and offer you tools to achieve sustainable results. I am direct and interactive, using the Enneagram, EMDR and cognitive therapy to help you uncover blind spots. You will be able to confront and overcome negative thought patterns, unproductive beliefs, self-destructive emotions and knee jerk reactions. You will gain greater ability to choose your reactions and communicate more effectively. I enjoy working with highly motivated clients who are interested in deep self-knowledge. I frequently suggest books, CDs and seminars to further the effectiveness of our therapeutic work. My goal is to help you through the immediate difficulties but also to empower you to navigate future challenges on your own.','4157997467');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(406,36885,'Louise Karr','Louise works with individuals, couples and families to help them improve their relationships and make healthy adjustments to change. She considers difficulties to be opportunities and catalysts for growth. She believes that people are often blocked from reaching their full potential in life by fears, resistances, and past conditioning. In a safe and caring environment, she helps people to explore these blockages, increase clarity, accept responsibility and develop greater awareness of themselves, others, and their environment. Her areas of focus are: life adjustments and transition; self esteem and identity; personal growth; building healthy relationships; effective communication; grief and loss; and helping people work through issues to experience the joy in life','6506030602');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(407,126351,'Summit Estate Recovery Center','Summit Estate Recovery Center is a substance abuse treatment facility in the San Francisco Bay Area. Surrounded by majestic redwoods on 23-acres of lawns, orchards and gardens, Summit provides a healthy and serene environment to recondition the body, mind, and spirit. Summit contains only a small number of beds, ensuring that we are able to maintain an unmatched staff to client ratio and provide highly customized treatment services. We understand our guests are unique individuals and meet each client''s needs by customizing treatment. From reflexologists to gourmet chefs to physicians and personal trainers, our compassionate and highly qualified team provides expert services to support healing and recovery. With a private chef as well as a nutritionist, our delicious menu is designed to promote physical recovery through chemical detoxification and nutritional healing and we cater to dietary needs, including gluten-free diets Our clients benefit from individual sessions with our certified counselors, licensed therapists, and multidisciplinary physician partners as well as from our highly focused group sessions. Our multi-faceted approach is especially beneficial to dually-diagnosed clients as well as those with self-esteem issues, or other issues involving pervasive negative thinking; this gives each client the best opportunity for success. Based on the principles of the American Society of Addiction Medicine, our approach is highly individualized with an array of holistic options that allow our clients to experiment and find what works best for their individual needs. We believe that in order to recover successfully, old habits must be replaced with new, healthy ones, and negative thinking patterns must be replaced with positive, reality-based thoughts. Our CBT-based approach changes lives by helping our clients replace their old, negative thoughts and behaviors with those that sustain healthy, happy living. In addition to our CBT and DBT based recovery approaches, we offer yoga, reflexology, massage therapy, acupuncture, naturopathic medicine, outdoor recreation, as well as facility amenities such as our mini-spa, complete with sauna and Jacuzzi. Our goal is to facilitate our client''s return to health as we nurture long-term cognitive and emotional well-being. Our size allows us to operate a step-down treatment model during which residents have an opportunity for extended assessment, evaluation, and individualized case management. The intimate size of our program allows us to create and support specialty treatments and interventions as clients'' needs surface. Our physicians partners (our Medical Director is a Psychiatrist, who meets with our clients regularly, and our clients have access to any specialists they may require) offer medication evaluation and psychiatry services to address dual diagnosis and long term health and sobriety. Summit Estate clients are connected with extensive outside community resources to provide case management and ongoing therapeutic services to aid in their continued, long-term success after their transition home. Summit Estate Recovery Center employs the latest in drug and alcohol clinical services, substance abuse counseling, and addiction recovery techniques to help clients with dependency and addiction issues. At Summit Estate, we believe that addiction is a symptom of underlying trauma, behavioral, and/or mental health issues, and we are able to successfully foster long-term addiction recovery by exploring and then treating those underlying issues- whatever they may be.','8778115989');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(408,182074,'Northbound Treatment Services Women','Northbound Treatment Services offers treatment of drug and alcohol addiction, and specializes in the treatment of young adults with co-occurring disorders. Our women''s program provides our clients with a compassionate, supportive environment that nurtures our women and allows them to grow and thrive in sobriety. Treatment is specifically focused on helping clients recover from the issues that are unique to women in recovery. Clients are provided with evidence based treatment strategies that have been validated as the most effective methods of treating addiction and promoting overall health and satisfaction. All clients are offered a treatment plan that has been molded to their individual needs, which is adapted and modified as time goes on. They participate in cognitive behavioral therapy, trauma-focused therapy, emotionally-focused therapy, and activities that encourage the formation of strong bonds with both peers and treatment professionals.  <h3>The Northbound Experience</h3> Our experience has shown that women in recovery tend to encounter similar issues, particularly trauma. In order to help our women recover, Northbound''s women''s program has implemented a therapeutic community that is specifically designed for women''s issues, and helps our clients to face and overcome the issues that have led them into their addiction. Our targeted therapeutic approach and emotionally supportive environment provides our clients with a safe, nurturing setting where they can begin to heal. Research into addiction has shown that women experience addiction differently than men, and require a different approach in order to be successful in their sobriety. Northbound uses research like this to create an individualized program for each of our clients, which offers them the best chance at long term abstinence and a full, meaningful life.  <h3>Mission and Vision</h3> At Northbound, client care comes first. Our mission statement is to assist our clients in successfully celebrating one year of continuous sobriety. Studies have proven that recovering addicts and alcoholics who achieve one year of sobriety drastically increase their chances of staying sober for the long haul. Recovery isn''t just abstinence from drugs or alcohol, it''s a way of life. We believe in the importance of showing our clients how to live sober. Reaching this monumental milestone in recovery will allow our clients to build a strong foundation upon which they can continue to build the life of their dreams.','8665694729');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(409,151187,'Paradigm Malibu','Paradigm Malibu is a Private, Residential Treatment Program for Adolescents struggling with mental health, emotional health, chemical dependency, and behavioral health issues. We offer the highest staff to client ratio and the greatest variety of evidence based clinical services in the nation. All teens receive comprehensive diagnostic testing before treatment begins. We treat the emotional underpinnings of behaviors rather than simply focusing on behaviors themselves. We do not use point systems, phase systems or other outdated behavior modification techniques. We provide gender specific treatment, but not use gender exclusive treatment- greatly enhancing long term outcomes. An accelerated learning classroom is on site, allowing youth to get current or even ahead in their studies while in treatment. We have a strong family component and offer free aftercare services to youth and their families for as long as they wish to utilize them.  <h3>State of the Art Adolescent Treatment</h3> - 1:1 Staff to Client Ratio - Daily Individual Therapy - Psychiatric Medication Management - Best Evidence-Based Practices - Integrated Psychiatric Care - Award Winning Family Program - Free Aftercare - All Major Insurances Accepted - Anxiety Disorders - Depressive and Bi-Polar Disorders - Emerging Personality Disorders - PTSD, Trauma &amp; Grief Work - Self-Harm Behaviors - Eating Disorders - Addiction and Substance Abuse - Co-Occurring Disorders','8552494408');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(410,240644,'Mid-Peninsula Eating Disorder Clinic','We are an outpatient clinic offering fully integrated eating disorder treatment from a team of expert providers. With Mid-Peninsula Eating Disorder Clinic, your entire outpatient team is under ''one roof''. We offer individual therapy, group therapy, free support group, dietary services, yoga, and body-based services from a variety of experts all who closely collaborate with each other. We accept sliding scale clients and a part of our practice is aimed at ensuring that eating disorder treatment is available to all who are in need. We believe full recovery is possible, but you can''t do it alone. Let our community support you in your recovery journey. Please don''t hesitate to reach out. There is hope. We believe FULL and LASTING recovery is possible. We have created our community and related services after witnessing individuals either relapse after discharge from their treatment program, or seeing individuals not get the help they need due to "not being sick enough" or the time or financial restrictions associated with higher levels of care. No one can do it alone, please reach out to see how we might be best able to support you.  <h3>Therapy Services</h3> There is no ''one-size fits all'' approach to treating disordered eating. It is our job to understand your unique needs and identify what interventions will work best for you. We are trained in diverse modalities, keep up with current research and collaboratively develop treatment to best support your goals. In addition to individual and family therapy, we offer free weekly group support, as well as other facilitated group offerings and meal support. Please check our website for up to date group offerings and other services.  <h3>Dietary &amp; Body-Based Services</h3> We offer dietary consultation for adolescents and adults struggling with disordered eating. Our highly experienced Registered Dietitian works with you to promote health, wellness and self-care. Collaboratively you discern the appropriate balance of nutrients that is right for your body. Our RD offers one-on-one consultations, medically-based nutrition therapy for eating and weight disorders, as well as a variety of other individualized services. In addition to dietary services our body-based services provide additional pathways for those seeking to reconnect with self in both body and mind. Through the skilled use of psychologically-informed bodywork our practitioner can guide you in releasing physical and emotional tension as well as gaining wisdom from your body by reconnecting to its subtle cues. Bodywork begins with face-to-face consultation and is conducted fully clothed on a bodywork table. In addition to hands-on bodywork, we also offer yoga, breath-work and other facilitated mindfulness practices.','6502279939');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(411,163301,'North Bay Recovery Center ','North Bay Recovery Center is a private, innovative drug and alcohol treatment center exclusively for adult men ocated in San Rafael, California, just north of the San Francisco Bay Area. Our Marin County rehab facility helps young men who are addicted to alcohol or addicted to drugs heal and move forward with their lives. North Bay Recovery Center provides full-immersion addiction treatment for clients at every stage of recovery from drug and alcohol dependency. We provide a more evolved, pragmatic and holistic drug and alcohol addiction treatment program for Bay Area men with all substance abuse problems.Treating drug addiction and alcoholism in men is dramatically different than treating women with addiction disorders. For one, the core issues that are understood to cause addiction in men revolve around uniquely male experiences that can include father-son dynamics, denied emotions, emancipation, intimacy, and pressures related to stereotyped expectations of men. It follows then, that drug and alcohol treatment and subsequent long-term recovery in men requires its own unique protocol. This understanding makes addiction treatment at North Bay Recovery Center a unique experience.  <h3>Most PPO Insurance Accepted</h3> North Bay Recovery is proud to accept most private PPO insurances to reduce the out of pocket cost for treatment. We invite you to call us for a free confidential assessment and insurance verification. We will quickly ascertain the extent to which your insurance will cover your treatment at North Bay Recovery Center. Unfortunately, North Bay Recovery Center does not accept Medicare, Medicaid, or the military insurances at this time.','4154231077');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(412,229951,'SF Stress and Anxiety Center','Are you overwhelmed? Off balance? Anxious? Stuck?We can help. At SF Stress and Anxiety Center, we can teach you the tools to turn stress into an ally.  <h3>Overcome Anxiety and Build Resilience.</h3> Most of our clients are highly motivated, high-achieving individuals for whom stress is impairing their focus, self-confidence, productivity, or interpersonal personal relationships. Some of our clients have anxiety disorders (such as panic disorder, GAD, or OCD), ADHD, depression, or other diagnosable issues. Some find themselves in stressful work or life situations, or in periods of transition and adjustment. Others are currently meeting their goals, but are interested in taking their work performance or relationships to the next level.  <h3>Approaches that Work for You.</h3> Regardless of your particular needs, we are committed to using research-based treatments that have been shown to work, such as Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Emotionally Focused Therapy, and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. We offer a range of services, including individual therapy, group therapy, mindfulness meditation classes, workshops and talks, and organizational services. Our top-notch therapy team is comprised of licensed psychologists and trainees who have diverse areas of expertise, and a strong commitment to help you succeed.','4159696140');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(413,220514,'Evolve Treatment Centers at Sky Crest','The Evolve Residential Treatment Program (RTC) is designed to support clients, 13-18 years old, struggling with mental health, addiction, and behavioral issues. At the Residential level of care, clients live on-site in our treatment homes, with 24-hour support and supervision. At Evolve, we believe in the family dynamic and therefore our homes look like homes. We maintain a setting that provides a sense of security, while simultaneously providing a nurturing environment that includes comfortable living quarters, school area, fully equipped gym, swimming pool, chef, ample grounds, music room, 20 foot boxing ring, fitness instructor,Ping-Pong, house mascot, and more. Our staff is handpicked to provide the highest caliber of care in the most compassionate and humanistic way. The clinical staff is comprised of a psychiatrist, nurses, and licensed therapists. Our counseling staff is comprised of experienced counselors, Masters-level interns, and certified recovery coaches, all of whom bring a diverse and eclectic background to bear on the treatment experience.  <h3>Clinical and Experiential Therapy Program</h3> The Evolve residential program features an on-site physical fitness program to support our clients through their growth. Clients work individually and as a group with our trainers and team experiencing a life changing form of therapy as part of their daily treatment. During their stay with us, clients receive regular individual, group, and family therapy, dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), mindfulness, applied behavior analysis (ABA), and 12-step supports, as well as a variety of experiential therapies such as equine, surf, and art therapies. Additionally, clients engage in alternative personal exploration through music, boxing, yoga, hiking, physical fitness, gardening, meditation, sports, culinary arts, and more. In order to ensure continuity of care, Evolve works closely with the parents, schools, and referring providers. The Evolve team gathers critical data and engages in dialogue regarding problem and treatment history, strengths and deficits, and avenues for growth. From the moment a client enters our program, we are working on a transition plan, with a focus on personal growth, achievement, and stable integration into the most positive situation possible upon discharge.  <h3>On-Site Education and Testing</h3> At Evolve, we know that life does not pause while you are in treatment. Therefore, we work diligently to ensure a smooth transition between levels of care. In our Residential Program clients continue their schooling with available supports such as the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) accredited curricula, education staff, state of the art computing, career and college prep, educational testing, and advocacy. Our Clinical Testing Service provides evaluations for clients struggling with neuropsychological and/or psychological difficulties that are interfering with their ability to manage demands at home, at school and/or with their peer group.The goal of the two-day evaluation is to provide recommendations to be used by parents, school, and other professionals to better understand why a client is struggling and how best to be helpful.','8664095954');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(414,234665,'Athlete Treatment Program for Teens - Paradigm','Our Young Athlete Treatment Program is uniquely positioned to offer an integrative, science-based approach that treats the special needs of teen athletes. Focusing on each patient''s individual strengths, interests and abilities we are able to tailor his or her treatment process to restore optimal physiological, psychological and structural balance. Our team of distinguished cross-disciplinary experts includes Olympians Retired Professional Athletes, Coaches, Sports and Fitness Trainers, Sports Psychologists, Sports Psychiatrists, Acupuncturists, Integrative Yoga Specialists who provide unmatched care to adolescents. Too often young people must choose between their sport and getting treatment for their Mental Health and Substance Abuse issues. Our program provides treatment to youth ranging from high school athletes, to athletic scholarship contenders and professional athletes. All program participants are afforded opportunities to engage in the following: 1-on-1 work with Sports Psychologists and Sports Psychiatrists, Collaboration with Coaches and Recruiters, Fitness and Strength Training, Sport Specific Nutrition, Ability to Practice Sport of Choice, Performance Enhancement Drug Education, Pain and Medication Management, Educational Support and Tutoring, FLOW for Performance Enhancement, Mentoring by Olympic and Professional Athletes.  <h3>Connections</h3> Paradigm''s Young Athletes Program is designed to allow young people to effectively address their mental health, behavioral health and chemical dependency issues, without sacrificing their sport. Our residential treatment program does not simply focus on behaviors. Rather we do the deeper more difficult work of addressing the emotional underpinnings of behaviors. While doing so, we are able to build on what is currently working in each young person''s life. This includes providing unique opportunities to practice and advance in a young person''s sport of choice. Participants may be high school athletes, professional athletes or simply have an interest in sports. Each participant benefits from the leadership and mentorship of professional and Olympic Athletes ranging from Greg Louganis (a four-time Olympian gold medalist), Janet Evans (a four-time Olympian gold medalist) to our board chair, Carl Lewis. (a nine-time Olympian gold medalist).','8556610635');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(415,207048,'Paradigm Teen Athlete','Our Young Athletes Treatment program is designed to meet the special needs of adolescents who are involved in sports, and seeking to begin or maintain a training regimen, while in treatment. To make sure that our treatment addresses every part of a young person''s life, we have developed a team of experts that include Olympians, Retired Professional Athletes, Coaches, Sports and Fitness Trainers, Sports Psychologists, Sports Psychiatrists who specialize in providing care to adolescents. Too often young people must choose between their sport and getting treatment for their Mental Health and Substance Abuse issues. Our program provides treatment to youth ranging from high school athletes, to athletic scholarship contenders and professional athletes. All program participants are afforded opportunities to engage in the following: 1-on-1 work with Sports Psychologists and Sports Psychiatrists, Collaboration with Coaches and Recruiters, Fitness and Strength Training, Sport Specific Nutrition, Ability to Practice Sport of Choice, Performance Enhancement Drug Education, Pain and Medication Management, Educational Support and Tutoring, FLOW for Performance Enhancement, Mentoring by Olympic and Professional Athletes.  <h3>Connections</h3> At Paradigm''s Young Athletes Program, we work with teens holistically, building on their strengths and interests. Sports provide teens with extraordinary opportunities to grow, to be challenged, to learn teamwork and competition. They can serve as a source of accomplishment, and positive self worth. However, when teens are struggling with a Mental Illness or Substance Abuse, the effects impact their sport as well. Our goal is to help young people become the best versions of themselves. Such an approach results in better athletes and more fulfilling lives.','8559761129');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(416,226167,'Hotel California By The Sea','Hotel California by the Sea''s Program is for men and women struggling with addiction to drugs or alcohol or undergoing an untenable amount of stress in their professional and person lives. We have been increasingly helping men and women who are struggling with addiction to opiates (including heroin and other prescription drugs). To achieve lasting change, our clinical team will address underlying issues that may be present and contributing to the substance addiction, including depression, anxiety, trauma and PTSD.  <h3>A Variety of Therapeutic Processes</h3> We integrate a variety of therapeutic modalities into each client''s treatment regimen based on our ongoing assessment of their progress. Therapeutic techniques like Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT) allow our clinicians to address underlying issues that are contributing to the addictive behaviors. The client will most frequently meet with their case manager, but typically there will be several other facilitators that the client will get to know in both group and individual settings. The client in treatment will have access to our consulting psychiatrist and other medical doctors who we have been working with. We incorporate the family into the process by providing family counseling as deemed appropriate by our clinical team. 12-step meetings are highly recommended for all of the clients in our program, and we also facilitate uplifting experiential processes like team building outdoor activities. Of course, the men in our treatment program love to take advantage of the sunny beach and all the activities it has to offer.  <h3>Change Your Life Today</h3> Our admissions counselors are available to answer your questions about treatment for you or your loved one. Please call us today to take a step on the path of healing. We have so much to offer you due to our thirty years of experience helping people who are in your exact situation. You are not alone. Call us today.','8442024398');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(417,275106,'Lyric Recovery Services Inc','Lyric Recovery Services Inc serves adult men and women and offers a cohesive blend of traditional and alternative therapies to effectively treat addiction as well as the underlying psychological issues that often fuel addictive behaviors. Whether it''s the first time looking into treatment or you feel like you have tried everything else, let the experts at Lyric Recovery Services help you re-write your recovery story.  <h3>Individual therapy</h3> During your admission into our Intensive Outpatient Program you will be able to have therapy sessions with our LMFT as part of an important role in your recovery goals.  <h3>Relapse Prevention</h3> We offer a Twelve week Relapse Prevention group every Thursday evening for 1 1/2 hours with a certified Relapse Prevention counselor.','4088316957');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(418,121364,'Reflections','Reflections is a Fully Licensed Luxury Residential Treatment Facility located in Marin County in the San Francisco Bay Area. We offer 30+ day programs tailored towards each individual clients needs. We serve people from many walks of life, including business executives, attorneys, athletes, entertainers and other professionals. However, our treatment is not specific to these types--and we cater to many other persons suffering from dual-diagnosis issues that require the highest level of psychological care.  <h3>What to Expect</h3> Our primary focus is dig deep into the clients emotional, psychological, and mental health issues as they pertain to hindered daily living activities, maladaptive patterns of living, and drug/alcohol dependence and/or abuse. Clients can expect an individualized program delivered by a highly trained staff in an environment which promotes Choice, Empowerment, Respect and Transformation. Clients can expect private bedrooms, private bathrooms, dietary needs served by an Executive Chef, individual workstation, use of cell phones, computers, pool, spa, gym all in a beautiful Mediterranean spa like setting. We are highly staffed for dual-diagnosis clients and excel in relapse prevention. We provide 6-8 individual sessions per week, group therapy, equine therapy, art therapy, music therapy, DBT, CBT, motivational interviewing, Gestalt therapy, mindfulness, holistic care.  <h3>Family Program and Continuing Care</h3> Reflections places a heavy emphasis on family systems, and family dynamics, as this plays an important role in the life of those seeking treatment, and the support system who has been severely effected as well. Our thorough Family Program incorporates numerous family therapy sessions, and an all day family program 1-2 times per month. We also value our ability to collaborate with clients to determine sustainable continuing care plans, outlining everything for each step of the way through treatment, and following completion. With a bi-monthly alumni program, and intensive outpatient services, we stay in close contact with our valued clients to ensure they have a healthy and happy life following Reflections.','8662742593');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(419,268210,'iMedRecovery','iMed offers a clinically effective, dual diagnosis, intensive outpatient program. We also provide support for other mental health issues online for both adults &amp; adolescents. What makes our IOP and mental wellness programs different is that they are done entirely through therapeutic videoconferencing with licensed therapists. Our IOP includes 9 hours of group therapy, 1 hour of individual therapy, and 1 hour of family therapy a week. iMedRecovery requires weekly drug testing to help our clients stay accountable and on the path of sobriety. iMed also assists clients in developing a positive support network. Our therapeutic modalities include individual sessions, group therapies such as process group, mindfulness, yoga, relapse prevention, and much more. This is all done directly through your computer, tablet, or mobile devices. iMedRecovery is the future of mental wellness and addiction recovery. "Psychotherapy via internet as good as, if not better than, face to face consultations," -Science Daily.  <h3>We Bring Recovery to You</h3> Do you have children, travel or have a busy work life? With iMedRecovery you can receive intensive therapy from home, school, or your office. "Studies show that internet-based treatment is just as effective as in-person therapy,"-New York Times 2015. We are virtual. Our program provides therapy anywhere you are. This guarantees you or your loved one privacy, flexibility, and convenience. All our programs are brought to you entirely through HIPAA compliant secure video conferencing with experienced, caring and licensed therapists. JCAHO approval is pending.','8055863948');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(420,108954,'The Lotus Collaborative','Welcome to The Lotus Collaborative, offering holistic recovery services in Santa Cruz &amp; San Francisco with transitional living available near both locations. We''d like to personally thank you for considering TLC in assisting you in your recovery journey. TLC is more than just another treatment center, we are a multi-disciplinary team of kind and competent eating disorder experts, that have a passion for helping clients obtain health and happiness. We believe that healing can be optimized when clients are shown respect by offering them a beautiful, professional and soulful setting to recover in. Located blocks from the majestic Pacific ocean, we help our clients heal in a setting that reflects the serenity of the California Central Coast. TLC believes it''s important that we understand the unique individual you are: who you are, what you''re struggling with, what your strengths are, and where you''d like to go from here. Collaboratively, we can help you determine your recovery goals and develop a treatment plan specifically designed for you. At TLC we''ll provide you with a recovery environment in which you feel heard, respected and empowered. Full recovery is possible. Call us today for a free assessment!  <h3>Our PHP and IOP Treatment Options</h3> We understand the fear and anxiety that can build around seeking treatment, which is why we offer free assessments to gently guide you through this process. TLC offers a balanced treatment approach with validated therapies for eating disorders that include interpersonal therapy, family therapy, group therapy, meal planning &amp; support, and cognitive behavioral therapy. For clients that need the maximum support, we offer a Day Treatment Program (PHP) that provides clients with recovery support 8 hours a day, up to 7 days a week. Treatment days include group therapy, recovery skills, nutrition education and supervised meals and snacks. Each client receives weekly individual therapy and dietary sessions. Clients must be medically stable and see a medical doctor or our psychiatrist weekly. TLC also offers an Intensive Outpatient Program (IOP) offering clients 4 hours of support, up to 7 days a week. This is best suited for clients that need the support of a treatment program but would like more freedom to practice recovery. Treatment days include group therapy, nutrition education and one supervised meal &amp; snack. Clients receive weekly individual therapy and dietary sessions. Clients must be medically stable and see a medical doctor or psychiatrist monthly. Outpatient services are also available.  <h3>Outpatient Services &amp; Supportive Living</h3> At The Lotus Collaborative, we know that recovery from an eating disorder is a long journey that requires on-going support. We offer a range of outpatient services including individual therapy, nutrition counseling, psychiatry and an outpatient recovery skills group. In adjunct to our treatment programs, we offer supportive living at "The Mermaid House". The Mermaid House transitional living provides a non-clinical and supportive living environment for women 18 years and older who are recovering from an eating disorder. For many, living in a supportive recovery-focused home is a valuable supplement to treatment. The Mermaid House provides the opportunity for clients to live in a supportive recovery environment while developing and strengthening their life skills, self-care, and recovery behaviors. The Mermaid House is ideal for women who are transitioning from highly structured treatment programs such as inpatient or residential as well as those who are currently in outpatient treatment and are in need of a supportive, recovery focused home and community. To learn more about TLC''s supportive living please visit our website or give us a call.','8312165409');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(421,250077,'Santa Cruz Neurofeedback Center','At the Santa Cruz Neurofeedback Center ("The Center"), our goal is to help you live to your full potential. Whether you are seeking to increase focus or motivation, decrease anxiety, elevate mood, expand awareness, or simply wish to tune your brain for optimal performance, The Center can help you train your brain! Neurofeedback produces a long lasting effect, without the substantial disadvantages of tolerance and side-effects common with medication. Neurofeedback (brainwave biofeedback) has been shown to help both children and adults with ADD/ADHD, OCD, PTSD, chronic pain, mood disorders, anxiety, stress, learning disorders, head trauma, and numerous other conditions. Many of the clients we see have tried a number of approaches, from talk therapy to prescription medications, with little or no relief. Neuroscientist Langdon Roberts, MA, CMT, The Center''s director, has over 15 years of experience successfully helping clients with these conditions.  <h3>Holistic Approach</h3> What makes The Center unique is that we create a holistic personalized program integrating the latest in biofeedback, neurofeedback, and entrainment technologies with a variety of approaches to healing such as somatic psychotherapy, life coaching, and specialized forms of massage. Our highly skilled practitioners include The Center''s co-founder Daz-Haela Jacoby, who specializes in heart-rate variability (HRV) biofeedback to balance emotions and helping clients integrate biofeedback sessions into the practical aspects of daily living. Our staff psychotherapist, Aimee Pomerleau, MFT specializes in mindfulness-based therapy for individuals and couples.  <h3>Additional Services</h3> Additionally, The Center offers support for optimal performance (to excel in athletics, academics, or business) and spiritual development (for would-be meditators or long-time practitioners). For researchers engaging in physiological regulation, consciousness, and brainwave studies, we can provide scientific research support, analysis, and training services.','8313461319');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(422,118771,'NorthStar Transitions','NorthStar Transitions offers a sober living drug &amp; alcohol rehab program for young adults 18-35 headquartered in Boulder, Colorado. NorthStar sober living homes offer a safe, supportive and serene setting to get sober. NorthStar''s facilities are fully furnished luxury condos where clients have their own private bedroom and bathroom. NorthStar clients are put on a team with a Life Skills Counselor (Case Manager/Mentor) and Therapist and receive random drug and alochol screening. NorthStar Life Skills Counselors help clients in five core areas: recovery, life skills, building a new positive peer support group, academic goals, vocational goals and family relations. Life Skills Counselors take a hands on approach with the client helping them with myriad activities including but not limited to: resume drafting, job search, interview skills, AA or NA meetings, snowboarding, hiking, getting into college, fulfilling community service hours etc. NorthStar Therapists help clients identify their own desire to make positive changes through the use of Motivational Interviewing and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT). NorthStar works with a variety of addiction psychiatrists in the Boulder/Denver area for clients requiring medication.  <h3>Other Services</h3> In addition to our sober living program, NorthStar also offers: Sober Transport to/from treatment, Intervention, Treatment placement consultation, individual and family therapy and live-in sober companion services','8889885182');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(423,164785,'Muir Wood Adolescent and Family Services','Muir Wood is a State of California, adolescent, gender-specific, residential treatment program for boys ages 12-18 with substance abuse and co-occurring behavioral health issues. Located on six idyllic acres in Sonoma County, CA, Muir Wood only treats six adolescent males at any one time. Key components of Muir Wood include the family centric program model which includes weekly individual family therapy sessions and a full day Saturday family program; a highly credentialed clinical team including board-certified psychiatrists, internist, Masters level and licensed therapists, registered nurses, and certified chemical dependency counselors; on-site classroom and Masters level, multiple-subject credentialed teachers; psychological testing and assessment; a weekly adventure-based therapeutic component with credentialed adventure-based therapists; and intensive individual and group therapy sessions. Muir Wood has a minimum length of stay of 45 days and works with insurance providers on an out-of-network basis.','3105268149');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(424,120076,'Alta Mira Recovery Programs','Alta Mira is a leading addiction and dual diagnosis treatment center that offers the most sophisticated level of clinical and diagnostic services. We truly individualize your treatment based on a comprehensive diagnosis and assessment, and promise an extraordinary and transformative treatment experience, with a broad selection of holistic services and experiential therapies that help you heal and recover. Our exceptional program addresses the neurobiological, psychological, social and spiritual aspects of addiction, empowering you to find personal meaning and embrace life''s infinite possibilities. Just minutes from the Golden Gate Bridge in Sausalito, California, Alta Mira is located in a magnificent and serene setting with panoramic views, lovely gardens and the casual elegance of an historic hotel.','8663740585');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(425,71952,'Claire Girczyc','Do you feel stuck, unhappy, and dissatisfied? Having problems in relationships? Does each day feel like too much to handle? Take the first step toward making positive change in your life by calling to schedule an appointment. Working together, we can identify your goals and desires, recognize and capitalize on your strengths, find strategies to relieve your stress and anxiety, improve your mood, reinvigorate your relationships, and increase your life satisfaction. I provide caring, supportive, non-judgmental, confidential therapy for adults, teens, children, and couples in welcoming, comfortable offices in Mountain View, California on Monday through Friday. Clients often come to therapy feeling hopeless. They have tried many things to feel better, yet they are still suffering. By identifying beliefs that keep you stuck, and learning new approaches to your struggles, you can break through into new ways of thinking that will improve your life. I have experience helping clients who are on the autism spectrum, and those who have ADHD, eating disorders, depression, and anxiety as well as many other concerns. I also teach social cognitive skills which can help reduce anxiety and depression and lead to improved self esteem and life satisfaction.','6504887353');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(426,21531,'Joan Willingham','','6503858799');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(427,205977,'Parenting Plus Child and Family Counseling','','6504927249');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(428,279957,'Jessica Treat','','4086093956');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(429,37157,'Nevin Lantz','','6506030128');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(430,77756,'Leslie Fried Behar','','6505300993');
INSERT INTO "therapists" VALUES(431,77624,'Suzanne Petrocchi','','6504097871');
CREATE TABLE th_location (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	addr TEXT,
	zip INTEGER
);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(1,'6676 Lytton Ave Ste 5',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(2,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(3,'715 Colorado Ave',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(4,'117 S California Ave, #d201',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(5,'518 Byron Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(6,'550 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(7,'230 Cailfornia Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(8,'900 Welch Rd',94304);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(9,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(10,'467 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(11,'415 Cambridge Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(12,'665 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(13,'653 Stanford Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(13,'851 Fremont Ave ',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(14,'117 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(15,'415 Cambridge Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(16,'512 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(17,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(18,'415 Cambridge Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(19,'609 Cowper Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(20,'220 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(21,'350 Cambridge Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(22,'407 Sherman Ave, Suite C',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(23,'550 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(23,'244 Myrtle Street ',94109);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(24,'630 University Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(25,'560 Oxford Ave.',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(26,'986 El Cajon Way',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(27,'407 Sherman Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(28,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(28,'1496 Solano Ave ',94706);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(29,'415 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(30,'546 Oxford Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(31,'415 Cambridge Ave #23',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(32,'624 University Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(33,'900 Welch Road',94304);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(34,'518 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(35,'407 Sherman Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(36,'417 Tasso Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(38,'230 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(39,'667 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(40,'665 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(40,'870 Market St ',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(41,'555 Middlefield Rd',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(42,'667 Lytton Ave.',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(43,'721 Colorado Avenue Suite 201',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(45,'441 California Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(46,'405 Kipling Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(47,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(48,'3430 West Bayshore Road',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(49,'555 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(50,'609 Cowper Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(50,'1626a Union Street ',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(51,'665 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(53,'550 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(54,'667 Lytton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(56,'366 S. California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(57,'417 Tasso Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(57,'1702 Union Street ',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(58,'550 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(59,'999 Commercial St (&amp; 555 Middlefield Ave)',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(59,'999 Commercial Street ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(60,'117 California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(62,'350 Cambridge Ave, Suite 200',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(63,'935 Middlefield Rd',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(63,'1101 South Winchester Blvd ',95128);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(64,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(65,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(67,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(68,'350 Cambridge Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(69,'555 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(69,'582 Market Street ',94104);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(70,'555 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(71,'3136 Avalon Ct',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(72,'440 Sherman Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(73,'550 Hamilton Ave',94309);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(74,'706 Cowper Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(75,'555 Middlefield Rd.',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(76,'417 Tasso Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(77,'366 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(78,'407 Sherman Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(79,'825 San Antonio Road',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(80,'220 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(81,'667 Lytton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(82,'900 Welch Road',94304);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(83,'665 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(83,'45 Franklin St ',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(84,'451 Lytton St',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(85,'900 Welch Road',94304);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(86,'555 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(87,'518 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(88,'2875 Middlefield Road',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(89,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(90,'665 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(91,'366 S California Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(92,'366 South California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(93,'467 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(94,'415 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(95,'935 Middlefield Rd',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(96,'665 Lytton Ave,',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(97,'555 Middlefield Road,',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(98,'451 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(99,'366 S California Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(100,'1020 Corporation Way',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(101,'230 S. California Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(102,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(103,'744 San Antonio Road',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(104,'366 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(105,'305 N California Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(106,'366 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(107,'690 Waverley Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(108,'415 Cambridge Ave, #12',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(109,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(110,'595 Price Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(110,'595 Price Ave ',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(111,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(111,'582 Market Street ',94104);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(112,'667 Lytton Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(113,'451 Lytton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(114,'366 South California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(115,'415 Cambridge Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(116,'850 Middlefield Rd',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(117,'366 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(118,'555 Middlefield Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(118,'30 N San Pedro Ave ',94903);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(119,'4157 El Camino Way',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(121,'721 Colorado Avenue',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(122,'701 Mission Street',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(122,'701 Mission Street ',95060);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(123,'361 Kipling Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(123,'7 Fourth Street ',94952);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(124,'541 Cowper Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(125,'550 Hamilton Ave,',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(126,'Park Blvd',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(127,'2875 Middlefield Rd',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(127,'748 Mercy St ',94041);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(128,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(129,'518 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(129,'1605 W El Camino Real ',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(130,'550 Hamilton Avenue Suite 303',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(131,'366 S California Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(132,'350 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(133,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(133,'2155 Union Street ',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(134,'117 S California Avenue, Suite D201',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(135,'518 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(136,'550 Hamilton Ave,',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(137,'2425 Park Blvd',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(138,'4153 Park Blvd',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(139,'430 Sherman Ave',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(140,'935 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(140,'18 Chenery Street ',94114);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(141,'415 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(142,'550 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 215',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(143,'440 Sherman Ave Suite 105',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(144,'560 Oxford Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(145,'438 Cambridge Ave, Suite 245',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(146,'415 Cambridge Ave',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(147,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(148,'665 Lytton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(149,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(149,'445 Burgess Drive ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(150,'415 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(151,'667 Lytton Avenue, Suite 3',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(152,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(153,'350 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(154,'415 Cambridge Avenue',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(155,'550 Hamilton Ave Suite 304',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(156,'609 Cowper Street',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(156,'1626a Union Street ',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(157,'366 S California Ave, Ste 6',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(158,'2425 Park Blvd.',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(158,'1754 Technology Drive ',95110);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(159,'550 Hamilton Avenue',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(160,'550 Hamilton Ave',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(161,'555 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(162,'941 E Charleston Rd, Suite 103',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(163,'440 Sherman Avenue,',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(164,'Carlton St',94618);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(164,'467 Hamilton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(165,'961 Laurel St, Suite 204',94070);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(165,'555 Lytton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(166,'1061 El Monte Ave, Suite B',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(166,'4000 Middlefield Road ',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(167,'840 Hinckley Rd',94010);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(167,'825 San Antonio Rd ',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(168,'1626A Union Street',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(168,'609 Cowper Street ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(169,'1625 The Alameda',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(169,'555 Middlefield Road ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(170,'1947 Divisadero St',94115);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(170,'550 Hamilton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(171,'5709 Geary Blvd.',94121);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(172,'1738 Union St',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(172,'467 Hamilton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(173,'One Hallidie Plaza -(powell St Bart Station)',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(174,'851 Fremont Avenue',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(174,'653 Stanford Ave ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(177,'1626A Union Street',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(178,'555 Middlefield Rd',94110);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(178,'555 Middlefield Rd ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(179,'630 University Ave',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(179,'630 University Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(180,'1120 McKendrie Street',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(180,'117 S California Avenue ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(181,'220 Montgomery Street',94104);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(181,'667 Lytton Avenue ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(182,'1022 W. Hedding St',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(183,'5028 Geary Blvd',94118);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(183,'560 Oxford Ave ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(184,'899 Santa Cruz Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(184,'900 Welch Road ',94304);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(185,'1330 Lincoln Ave',94901);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(185,'744 San Antonio Rd ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(186,'5725 Oak Grove Ave',94618);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(186,'550 Hamilton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(187,'205 E 3rd Avenue',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(187,'630 University Avenue ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(188,'160 Saratoga Avenue',95051);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(188,'825 San Antonio Road ',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(189,'4245 Capitola Road',95010);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(189,'230 South California Ave ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(190,'870 Market Street',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(190,'117 S California Ave ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(191,'1902 Webster Street (between Pine And California)',94115);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(191,'555 Middlefield Road ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(192,'899 Santa Cruz Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(192,'550 Hamilton Avenue ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(193,'870 Market Street',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(193,'667 Lytton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(194,'881 Fremont Avenue',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(194,'518 Hamilton Avenue ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(195,'870 Market Street',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(195,'417 Tasso Street ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(196,'1398 Solano Avenue',94706);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(196,'825 San Antonio Road ',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(197,'21060 Homestead Road',95014);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(197,'4157 El Camino Way ',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(198,'1301 Ralston Ave',94002);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(198,'550 Hamilton Ave ',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(199,'851 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(201,'105 Fremont Ave',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(202,'1885 The Alameda',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(203,'2680 E Bayshore Rd',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(204,'1059B El Monte Ave.',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(205,'1040 Noel Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(206,'919 Fremont Avenue',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(207,'4966 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(208,'1225 Crane St.',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(209,'61 Renato Court #17',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(210,'400 S Monroe St',95128);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(211,'1059 El Monte Ave',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(213,'350 Second Street',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(214,'949 Sherwood Ave, Suite 100',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(215,'851 Fremont Avenue',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(216,'61 Renato Ct, Suite 18',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(217,'1220 University Dr.',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(218,'881 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(219,'4966 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(220,'4966 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(221,'855 Oak Grove Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(222,'2672 Bayshore Parkway',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(223,'1220 University Drive, Suite 201',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(224,'845 El Camino Real',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(225,'4966 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(225,'2500 Grant Rd ',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(226,'35640 Fremont Blvd',94536);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(228,'61 Renato Court',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(229,'499 Seaport Court',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(230,'617 Veterans Blvd',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(232,'1059 El Monte Ave',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(233,'146 Main St',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(234,'802 Altos Oaks Drive',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(235,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(236,'125 Willow Rd',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(237,'200 Jose Figueres Ave',95116);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(238,'2235 Grant Rd',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(239,'100 W El Camino Real',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(240,'2500 Hospital Drive',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(241,'530 Oak Grove Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(241,'582 Market Street ',94104);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(242,'1225 Crane Street',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(243,'2964 Fillmore Street',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(244,'485 Los Coches Street',95035);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(245,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(246,'825 Oak Grove Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(247,'830 Menlo Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(247,'1210 S Bascom Avenue ',95128);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(248,'1210 S Bascom Ave',95128);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(249,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(250,'899 Santa Cruz Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(251,'885 Oak Grove Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(252,'1100 S El Camino Real, Suite #1',94402);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(252,'4020 Balboa St ',94121);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(253,'2155 Union Street',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(254,'3705 Haven Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(255,'111 Main Street',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(256,'329 South San Antonio Road',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(257,'900 N San Antonio Rd',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(258,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(259,'2660 Solace Place',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(260,'201 San Antonio Circle',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(262,'1719 Union Street',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(262,'845 Oak Grove ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(263,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(264,'501 Seaport Ct.',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(265,'1230 Sargent Drive',94087);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(266,'165 Arch Street',94062);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(267,'885 N San Antonio Rd',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(268,'350 Second Street',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(269,'582 Market St',94104);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(270,'582 Market Street',94104);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(271,'160 Saratoga Avenue',95051);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(272,'1000 Fremont Avenue',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(273,'4100 Moorpark Avenue',95117);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(273,'39803 Paseo Pardre Parkway ',94538);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(274,'1187 University Dr',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(275,'1040 Noel Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(276,'201 San Antonio Circle',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(277,'881 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(278,'885 Oak Grove Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(280,'2680 Bayshore Parkway',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(281,'851 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(282,'4966 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(282,'401 Quarry Road',94305);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(283,'201 San Antonio Circle',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(284,'2660 Solace Place',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(284,'16275 Monterey Road ',95037);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(285,'617 Veterans Blvd',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(286,'San Francisco',94133);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(287,'1225 Crane Street',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(288,'919 Fremont Avenue',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(289,'1220 University Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(289,'842 California St ',94108);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(291,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(291,'1220 University Drive ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(293,'212 Gilbert Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(294,'61 Renato Court',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(296,'800 Menlo Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(297,'845 Oak Grove Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(298,'830 Menlo Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(299,'885 Oak Grove Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(299,'37 Avenida De Orinda ',94563);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(300,'961 Laurel Street',94070);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(301,'22500 Cristo Rey Drive',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(302,'1941 O''Farrell Street',94403);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(303,'5835 College Ave, Suite C',94618);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(304,'1690 Woodside Road',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(305,'881 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(306,'1777 Borel Place',94402);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(307,'1150 University Dr',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(307,'1150 University Drive ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(308,'125 Willow Road',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(309,'1110 Melody Lane',95678);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(309,'1110 Melody Lane ',95678);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(310,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(311,'1000 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(311,'11740 Dublin Blvd ',94568);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(312,'1220 University Dr.',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(313,'3880 South Bascom Ave',95124);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(314,'1059 El Monte Avenue',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(315,'678 Main Street',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(316,'1130 McKendrie Street',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(317,'900 N San Antonio Road',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(319,'830 Woodside Rd',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(320,'Portola Wellness Association',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(321,'611 Veterans Blvd',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(322,'1132 McKendrie Street',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(323,'913 Willow St.',95125);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(323,'1040 Noel Drive ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(324,'555 Soquel Ave',95062);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(325,'1304 Castro Street, Suite 2B',94114);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(326,'1150 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(327,'1150 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(328,'39833 Paseo Padre Parkway',94538);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(329,'1225 Crane St',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(330,'558A Santa Cruz Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(331,'525 South Drive,',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(332,'125 Northwood',94080);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(333,'1061 El Monte Ave',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(334,'329 S. San Antonio Road',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(335,'309 Second Street',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(336,'2019 Webster St',94115);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(337,'919 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(338,'1059 El Monte',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(339,'1187 University Dr',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(340,'640 Menlo Ave',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(341,'125 Willow Road, Suite 205',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(342,'39210 State Street',94538);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(343,'1601 Old Bayshore Highway',94010);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(344,'4990 Speak Lane',95118);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(345,'800 Menlo Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(346,'851 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(347,'61 Renato Court #10',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(348,'701 Menlo Avenue',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(349,'100 W El Camino Real',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(350,'4 Main Street',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(352,'61 Renato Court',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(353,'725 Front St',95060);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(353,'2680 Bayshore Parkway ',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(354,'1300 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(355,'617 Veterans Boulevard',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(357,'2680 Bayshore Parkway',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(357,'160 Saratoga Avenue ',95051);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(358,'334 N San Mateo Drive',94402);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(359,'205 E Third Ave',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(360,'1836 Bay Rd',95023);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(360,'1836 Bay Rd ',94303);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(361,'147 South River Street',95062);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(361,'147 South River Street ',95060);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(362,'1220 University Drive',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(363,'1720 South Amphlett Blvd, Ste 220E',94402);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(365,'501-1st Avenue',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(366,'900 N San Antonio Road',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(367,'10036 Orange Avenue',95014);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(368,'1225 Crane Street',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(368,'1225 Crane Street ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(369,'2680 Bayshore Parkway',95009);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(369,'2680 Bayshore Parkway ',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(371,'318 South B Street',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(372,'501 Stockton Avenue',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(373,'204 Clement St',94118);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(374,'100 W El Camino Real',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(375,'1300 University Dr',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(376,'327 N San Mateo Drive',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(377,'146 Main Street',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(378,'851 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(379,'2660 Solace Place',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(380,'870 Market Street',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(382,'55 New Montgomery Street',94105);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(383,'205 E. 3rd Ave.',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(384,'403 Dondee St',94044);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(384,'2000 Broadway St ',94063);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(385,'1301 Brook Place',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(386,'329 S. San Antonio Rd., Suite 3',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(387,'1100 Sanchez St',94114);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(388,'1330 Lincoln Ave',94901);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(388,'215 North San Mateo Drive ',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(389,'61 Renato Court',94061);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(390,'3150 18th St',94110);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(391,'700 W Parr Avenue',95032);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(392,'4962 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(393,'745 Distel Dr',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(394,'1588 Homestead Rd, M/b 10',95050);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(395,'1190 Park Avenue',95126);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(396,'919 Fremont Ave',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(397,'555 Soquel Avenue',95060);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(398,'1061 El Monte Avenue',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(401,'2339 3rd Street',94107);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(402,'110 Gough Street',94102);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(403,'2672 Bayshore Parkway',94043);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(404,'881 Fremont Avenue, Suite B8',94024);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(405,'1669 Gretel Lane',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(406,'PO Box 188',94401);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(407,'399 Old Mill Pond Road',95033);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(408,'1545 Newport Blvd',92627);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(409,'6323 Via Escondido',90265);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(410,'1225 Crane Street',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(411,'55 Shaver St',94901);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(412,'55 New Montgomery St',94105);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(412,'845 Oak Grove Ave ',94025);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(414,'6395 Meadows Court',90265);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(415,'29245 Cliffside Dr',90265);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(416,'2811 Villa Way',92663);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(417,'1210 S Bascom Ave',95128);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(418,'770 Tamalpais Dr',94945);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(418,'770 Tamalpais Dr ',94925);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(420,'701 Mission St',95060);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(420,'1610 Union Street ',94123);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(421,'4630 Soquel Drive',95073);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(422,'2919 Valmont Road',80301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(422,'44 Cook Street ',80206);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(423,'1733 Skillman Lane',94952);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(424,'125 Bulkley Avenue',94965);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(425,'1059 El Monte Avenue',94040);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(426,'660 Middlefield Road',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(427,'2875 Middlefield Road, Suite 8',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(428,'665 Lytton',94301);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(429,'415 Cambridge Ave.',94306);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(429,'725 Front Street ',95060);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(430,'4966 El Camino Real',94022);
INSERT INTO "th_location" VALUES(431,'122 Second Ave',94401);
CREATE TABLE th_specialties (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	specialty TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(2,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(2,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(2,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(3,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(3,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(3,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(4,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(4,'Mens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(4,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(5,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(5,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(5,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(6,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(6,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(6,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(7,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(7,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(7,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(8,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(8,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(8,'Alzheimers');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(9,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(9,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(9,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(10,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(10,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(10,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(11,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(11,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(11,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(12,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(12,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(12,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(13,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(13,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(13,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(14,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(14,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(14,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(15,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(15,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(15,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(16,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(16,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(16,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(17,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(17,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(17,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(18,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(18,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(18,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(19,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(19,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(19,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(20,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(20,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(20,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(21,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(21,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(21,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(22,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(22,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(22,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(23,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(23,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(23,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(24,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(24,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(24,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(25,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(25,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(25,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(26,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(26,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(26,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(27,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(27,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(27,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(28,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(28,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(28,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(32,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(32,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(32,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(33,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(33,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(33,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(34,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(34,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(34,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(35,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(35,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(35,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(36,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(36,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(36,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(37,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(37,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(37,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(38,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(38,'Aspergers Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(38,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(39,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(39,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(39,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(40,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(40,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(40,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(42,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(42,'career transition');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(42,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(43,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(43,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(43,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(45,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(45,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(45,'Life Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(46,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(46,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(46,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(47,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(47,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(47,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(48,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(48,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(48,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(49,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(49,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(49,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(50,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(52,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(52,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(52,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(53,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(53,'Acculturation, Multicultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(53,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(54,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(54,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(54,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(55,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(55,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(55,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(56,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(57,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(57,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(57,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(59,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(59,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(59,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(60,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(60,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(60,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(61,'Alzheimers');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(61,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(61,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(62,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(62,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(62,'Maximize Medical Treatmt/Conditions');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(63,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(63,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(63,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(64,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(64,'launching young adults into adult');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(64,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(65,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(65,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(65,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(66,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(66,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(66,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(67,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(67,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(67,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(68,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(68,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(68,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(69,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(69,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(69,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(70,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(70,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(70,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(72,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(72,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(72,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(73,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(73,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(73,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(74,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(74,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(74,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(76,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(76,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(76,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(77,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(77,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(77,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(78,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(78,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(78,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(79,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(79,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(79,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(80,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(80,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(80,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(82,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(82,'Executive Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(82,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(83,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(83,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(83,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(84,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(84,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(84,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(85,'Alzheimers');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(85,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(85,'Adjustment, coping and illness');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(86,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(86,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(86,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(87,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(87,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(87,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(88,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(88,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(88,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(89,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(89,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(89,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(91,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(91,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(91,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(92,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(92,'Aspergers Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(92,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(93,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(93,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(93,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(94,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(94,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(94,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(95,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(95,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(95,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(96,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(96,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(96,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(97,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(97,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(97,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(98,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(98,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(98,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(99,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(99,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(99,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(100,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(100,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(100,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(101,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(101,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(101,'Early Childhood Trauma');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(103,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(103,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(103,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(104,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(104,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(104,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(105,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(105,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(105,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(106,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(106,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(106,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(107,'Womens Health Care');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(107,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(107,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(108,'Alzheimers');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(108,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(108,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(109,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(109,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(109,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(110,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(110,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(110,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(111,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(111,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(111,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(112,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(112,'Aspergers Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(112,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(113,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(113,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(113,'Executive coaching, couples counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(114,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(114,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(114,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(115,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(115,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(115,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(116,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(116,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(116,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(117,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(117,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(117,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(118,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(118,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(118,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(119,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(119,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(119,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(120,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(120,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(120,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(121,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(121,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(121,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(122,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(122,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(122,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(123,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(123,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(123,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(124,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(124,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(124,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(125,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(125,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(125,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(126,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(126,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(126,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(127,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(127,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(127,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(128,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(128,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(128,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(129,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(129,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(129,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(130,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(130,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(130,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(131,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(131,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(131,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(132,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(132,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(132,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(133,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(133,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(133,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(134,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(134,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(134,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(135,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(135,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(135,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(136,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(136,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(136,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(137,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(137,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(137,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(138,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(138,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(138,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(139,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(139,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(139,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(140,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(140,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(140,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(141,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(141,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(141,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(142,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(142,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(142,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(143,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(143,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(143,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(144,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(144,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(144,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(145,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(145,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(145,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(146,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(146,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(146,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(147,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(147,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(147,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(148,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(148,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(148,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(150,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(150,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(150,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(151,'Trauma Recovery/EMDR/cognitive beh');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(151,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(151,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(152,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(152,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(152,'Couple and Family therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(153,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(153,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(153,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(154,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(154,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(154,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(155,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(155,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(155,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(156,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(157,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(157,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(157,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(158,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(158,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(158,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(159,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(159,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(159,'Mens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(160,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(160,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(160,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(162,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(162,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(162,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(163,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(163,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(163,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(164,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(164,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(164,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(165,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(165,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(165,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(166,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(166,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(166,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(167,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(167,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(167,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(168,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(168,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(168,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(169,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(169,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(169,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(170,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(170,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(170,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(171,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(171,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(172,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(172,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(172,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(173,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(173,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(173,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(174,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(174,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(174,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(175,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(175,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(175,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(176,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(176,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(176,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(177,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(177,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(177,'Postpartum Adjustment');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(178,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(178,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(178,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(179,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(179,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(179,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(180,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(180,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(180,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(181,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(181,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(181,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(182,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(182,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(182,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(183,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(183,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(183,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(184,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(184,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(184,'Sleep, Depression, Intense emotions');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(185,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(185,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(185,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(186,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(186,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(186,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(187,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(187,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(187,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(189,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(189,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(189,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(190,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(190,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(190,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(191,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(191,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(191,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(192,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(192,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(192,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(193,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(193,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(193,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(194,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(194,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(194,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(195,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(195,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(195,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(196,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(196,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(196,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(197,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(197,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(197,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(198,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(198,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(198,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(199,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(199,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(199,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(200,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(200,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(200,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(201,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(201,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(201,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(202,'Attachment Therapy, Early Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(203,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(203,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(203,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(204,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(204,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(204,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(205,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(205,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(205,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(206,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(206,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(206,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(207,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(207,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(207,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(208,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(208,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(208,'ISTDP');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(209,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(209,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(209,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(210,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(210,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(210,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(211,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(211,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(211,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(212,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(212,'Work, Health and Relationship Stres');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(212,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(213,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(213,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(213,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(214,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(214,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(214,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(215,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(215,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(215,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(216,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(216,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(216,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(217,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(217,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(218,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(218,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(218,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(219,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(219,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(219,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(220,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(220,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(220,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(221,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(221,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(221,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(222,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(222,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(222,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(223,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(223,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(223,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(224,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(224,'Panic Disorder and Phobias');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(224,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(225,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(225,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(225,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(226,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(226,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(226,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(227,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(227,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(227,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(228,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(228,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(228,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(229,'Forgiveness Practice');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(229,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(229,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(230,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(230,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(230,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(231,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(231,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(231,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(232,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(232,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(232,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(233,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(233,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(233,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(234,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(234,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(234,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(235,'Relational Psychoanalysis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(235,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(235,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(236,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(236,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(236,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(238,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(238,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(238,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(239,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(239,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(239,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(240,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(240,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(240,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(241,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(241,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(241,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(242,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(242,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(242,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(244,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(244,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(244,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(245,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(245,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(245,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(246,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(246,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(246,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(247,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(247,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(247,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(248,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(248,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(248,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(249,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(249,'co-dependency, retirement transitio');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(249,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(250,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(250,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(250,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(251,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(251,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(251,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(252,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(252,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(252,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(253,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(253,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(253,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(254,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(254,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(254,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(255,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(255,'Post-Partum Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(255,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(256,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(256,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(256,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(257,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(257,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(257,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(258,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(258,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(258,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(259,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(259,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(259,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(260,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(260,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(260,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(261,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(261,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(261,'Work Stress');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(262,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(262,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(262,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(263,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(263,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(263,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(265,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(265,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(265,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(266,'CO-DEPENDENCY, GROUP THERAPY');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(266,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(266,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(267,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(267,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(267,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(269,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(269,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(269,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(270,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(270,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(270,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(271,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(271,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(271,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(272,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(272,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(272,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(273,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(273,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(273,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(274,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(274,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(274,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(275,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(275,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(275,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(276,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(276,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(276,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(277,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(277,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(277,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(278,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(278,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(278,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(279,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(279,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(279,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(280,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(280,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(280,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(281,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(281,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(281,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(282,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(282,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(282,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(283,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(283,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(283,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(284,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(284,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(284,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(285,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(285,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(285,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(286,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(286,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(286,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(287,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(287,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(287,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(288,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(288,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(288,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(289,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(289,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(289,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(290,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(290,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(290,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(291,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(291,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(291,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(293,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(293,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(293,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(294,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(294,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(294,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(295,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(295,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(295,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(296,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(296,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(296,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(297,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(297,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(297,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(298,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(298,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(298,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(299,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(299,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(299,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(301,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(301,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(301,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(303,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(303,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(303,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(304,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(304,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(304,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(305,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(305,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(305,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(306,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(306,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(306,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(307,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(307,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(307,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(308,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(308,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(308,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(309,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(309,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(309,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(310,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(310,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(310,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(311,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(311,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(311,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(313,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(313,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(313,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(314,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(314,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(314,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(316,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(316,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(316,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(317,'Women in Transition');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(317,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(317,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(318,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(318,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(318,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(319,'Womens Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(319,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(319,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(320,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(320,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(320,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(321,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(321,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(321,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(322,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(322,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(322,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(323,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(323,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(323,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(324,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(324,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(324,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(325,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(325,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(325,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(326,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(326,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(326,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(327,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(327,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(327,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(328,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(328,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(328,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(329,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(329,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(329,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(330,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(330,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(330,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(331,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(331,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(331,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(332,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(332,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(332,'FORGIVENESS');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(334,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(334,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(334,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(335,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(335,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(335,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(336,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(336,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(336,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(337,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(337,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(337,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(338,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(338,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(338,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(339,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(339,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(339,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(340,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(340,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(340,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(341,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(341,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(341,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(342,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(342,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(342,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(343,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(343,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(343,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(344,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(344,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(344,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(345,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(345,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(345,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(346,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(346,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(346,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(347,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(347,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(347,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(348,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(348,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(348,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(349,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(349,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(349,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(350,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(350,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(350,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(351,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(351,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(351,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(352,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(352,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(352,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(353,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(353,'Aspergers Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(353,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(354,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(354,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(354,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(355,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(355,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(355,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(356,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(356,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(356,'Life Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(357,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(357,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(357,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(359,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(359,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(359,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(361,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(361,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(361,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(362,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(362,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(362,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(364,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(364,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(364,'Obsessive-Compulsive OCD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(365,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(365,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(366,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(366,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(366,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(368,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(368,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(368,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(369,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(369,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(369,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(370,'Aspergers Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(370,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(370,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(371,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(371,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(371,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(372,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(372,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(372,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(373,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(373,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(373,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(374,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(374,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(374,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(375,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(375,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(375,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(376,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(376,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(376,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(377,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(377,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(377,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(378,'Bachelor amp Husband Challenges');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(378,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(379,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(379,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(379,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(380,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(380,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(380,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(381,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(381,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(381,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(382,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(382,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(382,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(383,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(383,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(383,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(384,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(384,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(384,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(385,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(385,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(385,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(386,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(386,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(386,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(387,'Singleness, Issues in dating');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(387,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(387,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(388,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(389,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(389,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(389,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(390,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(390,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(390,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(391,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(392,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(392,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(392,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(393,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(393,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(393,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(394,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(394,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(394,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(395,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(395,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(395,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(396,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(396,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(396,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(398,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(398,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(398,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(399,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(399,'Aspergers Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(399,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(400,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(400,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(400,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(401,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(401,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(401,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(402,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(402,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(402,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(403,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(403,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(403,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(404,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(404,'Occupational Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(404,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(405,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(405,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(405,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(406,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(406,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(407,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(407,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(407,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(408,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(408,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(408,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(409,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(409,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(409,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(410,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(411,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(411,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(411,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(412,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(412,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(412,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(413,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(413,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(413,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(414,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(414,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(414,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(415,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(415,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(415,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(416,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(416,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(416,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(417,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(417,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(417,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(418,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(418,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(418,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(419,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(419,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(419,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(420,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(420,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(420,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(421,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(421,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(421,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(422,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(422,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(422,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(423,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(423,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(423,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(424,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(424,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(424,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(425,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(425,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(425,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(426,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(426,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(426,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(428,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(428,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(428,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(429,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(429,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_specialties" VALUES(429,'Relationship Issues');
CREATE TABLE th_issues (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	issue TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(2,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Peak Performance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(3,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'New Fathers');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(4,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Postpartum depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(5,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(6,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(6,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(6,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(7,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Concussion');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Stroke. Cognitive Rehab');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(8,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Difficulties experiencing awe and joy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(9,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(10,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Panic disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(11,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(12,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'parent/infa');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(13,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Sport Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(14,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Life Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'grief and loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(15,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(17,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Pre-marital counseling and Singles');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(18,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(19,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(20,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(20,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(20,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(20,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(20,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Neuropsychology');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(21,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Teens and Adults Social Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(22,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(23,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Pregnancy Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(24,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(25,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(26,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(27,'Young Adults');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(28,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Challenges of Motherhood');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(29,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(31,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(32,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Psychoanalysis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(33,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(34,'Women''s Mental Health Concerns');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(35,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(36,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(37,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(38,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(39,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(39,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(39,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(39,'Marriage/Couples/Premarital Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(39,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(40,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(42,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(42,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(42,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(42,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(42,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Immigration');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Racism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(43,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(44,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(45,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(46,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(47,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(47,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(48,'Work Stress &amp; Work Life Balance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(49,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(50,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(51,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(52,'forensic');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(53,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(54,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(55,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(55,'Binge Eating Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(55,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(55,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(55,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(55,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(56,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(57,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(58,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Cutural issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(59,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(60,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(61,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(62,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(62,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(62,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(62,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(62,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(62,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Allergies');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Psychosomatic condition');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(63,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(64,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Complex PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(65,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(66,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(67,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(67,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(67,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(67,'Life Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(67,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(67,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(68,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Gifted');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Attorneys');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Entrepreneurs');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Execs');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(69,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(70,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(71,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(72,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Mindfulness Meditation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Self Development');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(73,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(74,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(76,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(76,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(76,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(77,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(78,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(79,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(80,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Compulsive Silicon Valley life-style');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(81,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(82,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Dating challenges');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(83,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Post-partum depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Life transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(84,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(85,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Life Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(86,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(87,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(88,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(88,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(88,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(88,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(88,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(89,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(90,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(91,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Decision-Making');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Acculturation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(92,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(93,'Binge Eating');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(93,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(93,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(93,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(93,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(94,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(95,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(96,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(97,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Highly sensitive/intuitive');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(98,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Concussion');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(99,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(100,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(101,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(101,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(101,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(101,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(102,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(103,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(103,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(103,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(103,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(103,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(103,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Chronic Lyme''s Disease');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(104,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(105,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(106,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(107,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(108,'Widows &amp; Widowers');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(109,'Workplace distress');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Special Education Advocacy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(110,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Recovery/Growth after Displacement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(111,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(112,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(113,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(113,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(113,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(113,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(114,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(115,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(116,'Various disabilitiy related matters');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Sports Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Entrepreneurs');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(117,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(118,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(118,'Cultural differences');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(118,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(118,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(118,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(119,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(120,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(121,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(122,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(123,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Bipolar Conditions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(124,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(125,'creativity and Neurotic conflicts');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Complex Care Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(126,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(127,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Life Transitions,Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(128,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(129,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(130,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(130,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(130,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(130,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(130,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(131,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(132,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Conflict resolution');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Existential issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(133,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Polyamorous relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'kink &amp; fetish');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(134,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(135,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(136,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(137,'illness and disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(138,'Young Child Issues &amp; Learning Challenges');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(139,'Women''s Mental Health');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(140,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(141,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Mind Body Health Chronic Medical Illness');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(142,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(143,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(144,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(145,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(146,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(147,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Bipolar Spectrum Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(148,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(149,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Cross-Cultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(150,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(151,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(152,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Providing care to an ill family member');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(153,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(154,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(155,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(156,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(157,'co-parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(158,'illness and disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(159,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(160,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Hair Pulling/Skin Picking (Trich)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(161,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Polyamory');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(162,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(163,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(164,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(165,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(166,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Cross Cultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(167,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(168,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Health');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Dream Work');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Personal Growth');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(169,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Cross-Cultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(170,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Male Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Clinical Supervisi');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(171,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(172,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(172,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(172,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(172,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(172,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(173,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(174,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(175,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(176,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(177,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Family Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(178,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(179,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(180,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'under-performance at work');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(181,'self-sabotage');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(182,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'wilderness therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(183,'couples counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(184,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(185,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(186,'mindfulness/meditation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'College/Grad Students');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'MFT Interns');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(187,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(188,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(188,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(188,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(188,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(189,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(190,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(190,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(190,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(190,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(190,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(190,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Men in relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(191,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(192,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(193,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(194,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(195,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Performance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Imposter Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(196,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Emotional Intelligence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(197,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(198,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(199,'alternative lifestyles');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Immigration');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Fertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(200,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(201,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(202,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(203,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(204,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(205,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(206,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(207,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(208,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(209,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(210,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(211,'psychosexual development of adolescents');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(212,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'ParentingTeens-Overwhelm/Micromanag');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(213,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Cross-cultural issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(214,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(215,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(215,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(215,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(216,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(217,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(218,'all sexuality and sexual issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(219,'Yoga for mental health issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(220,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(220,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(220,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(220,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(220,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(220,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Life Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(221,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(222,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(223,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(225,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(226,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(227,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(228,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(229,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(229,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(229,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(229,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(229,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(230,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(231,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(232,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Developmental Delays');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Learning &amp; De');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(233,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Cultural');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Identity Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(234,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(235,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Holistic');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Somatic Modalities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(236,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(237,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Body Image');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Intersecting Oppressions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(238,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Families in Transition/ Aging');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(239,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(240,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(240,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(240,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(240,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(240,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(241,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(242,'sleep apnea');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(243,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'past life therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(244,'skill rehearsal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(245,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(245,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(245,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(245,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(245,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(245,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(246,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'breast cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'health issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(247,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(248,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(249,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(249,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(249,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(249,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(249,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(249,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Issues confronting young adults');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(250,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(251,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(252,'Work / Life Stress');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(253,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Intercultural Relationships and Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(254,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(255,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(256,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(257,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(258,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(259,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Healing from Affairs/Infidelities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(260,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(261,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'ADD Assessment');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(262,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(263,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(264,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(264,'Body Dysmorphic Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(264,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(264,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(264,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Emotional Trauma');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(265,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(266,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Culture and adjustment');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Racial Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(267,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(268,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(269,'marital therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Job and career concerns');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(270,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(271,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Cultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(272,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(273,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(274,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(275,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(276,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(277,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Stress Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(278,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(279,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'LGBTQI Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(280,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(281,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'HIV Psychiatry');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Cancer patients');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(282,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Highly sensitive people');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(283,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(284,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(285,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Cultural identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(286,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(287,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Bulimia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Alcoholism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(288,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(289,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Panic Attacks and Panic Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(290,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(291,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(292,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(292,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(292,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(292,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(292,'Pregnancy and Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(292,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(293,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(294,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'self-compassion');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(295,'mindfulness practice');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Transitions');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(296,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(297,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(298,'Adult children/relatives of addicts');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(298,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(298,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(298,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(298,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(298,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(299,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(300,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(301,'Silicon Valley Lifestyles');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(302,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(303,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Care Giver Support');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(304,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(305,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(305,'Cognitive Performance Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(305,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(305,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(305,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(305,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(306,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(306,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(306,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(306,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Shame');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(307,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(308,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Managing Open Relationship');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(309,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(310,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'HiTech Leaders &amp; the Super-intelligent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(311,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Panic');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(312,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(313,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(314,'indo-american cultural issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(316,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(316,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(316,'work/career related');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(317,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(317,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(317,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(317,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(317,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(318,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(319,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(320,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(321,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Self-Confident');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(322,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(323,'child behavioral issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'Time Mgmt.');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'Organization');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(324,'HS/College');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(325,'cross culture issues/Dating anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Stress Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(326,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(327,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Emotional eating');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(328,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(329,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(330,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(331,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(332,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(333,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(334,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Affairs. Ambivalence. Mid-life concerns');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(335,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Death');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(336,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(337,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(337,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(338,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(339,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(340,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Emotional Eating');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(341,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(342,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Mental Health Evaluations');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(343,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Couples Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(344,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(345,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Silicon Valley lifestyle');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(346,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(347,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(348,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(349,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(350,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(351,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Social Phobia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(352,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(353,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(354,'Work place abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Crises work');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(355,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(356,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(356,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(356,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(356,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(357,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(357,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(358,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Chronic Stress');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Headaches');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Hypertension');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(359,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(361,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(362,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(363,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(364,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(364,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(364,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(364,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Cross-Cultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(365,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Post-traumatic growth');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Complicated grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(366,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Child Custody Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(367,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(369,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(370,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(371,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(371,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(371,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(371,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(371,'Stress Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(371,'Neuropsychology Evals');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(372,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'bariatric surgery');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'BRCA gene');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(373,'prophy-mas');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Adoptee Lifespan Development');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(374,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(375,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(376,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(377,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Multicultural/Cross-Cultural Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(379,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Adult Children of Alcoholic Families');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(380,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(381,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(382,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(383,'anger management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Pregnancy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Prenatal');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Postpartum');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(384,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(385,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'DBT Comprehensive Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'FAP');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(386,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(387,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(387,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(387,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(387,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Music Performance Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(388,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(389,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(390,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(391,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(391,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(392,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(392,'Mediation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(392,'Co-parent counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(392,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(392,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(393,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'EMDR Trained');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(394,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Addiction-Free Pain Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(395,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(396,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(397,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(397,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(397,'Grief and loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(397,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(398,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(399,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(400,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(401,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Sex Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Compulsive Stealing');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(402,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(403,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(404,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(405,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(406,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(407,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(408,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(409,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(410,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(411,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(412,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Identity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(413,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(414,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(415,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(416,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Men''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(417,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Drug Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Gambling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(418,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(419,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Obesity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(420,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Academic Underachievement');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Alzheimer''s');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Chronic Impulsivity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Developmental Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Dual Diagnosis');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Infidelity');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Intellectual Disability');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Learning Disabilities');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Marital and Premarital');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Traumatic Brain Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(421,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Antisocial Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Internet Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Video Game Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(422,'Weight Loss');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Anger Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Bipolar Disorder');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Borderline Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Chronic Relapse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Codependency');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Medical Detox');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Narcissistic Personality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(424,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Alcohol Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Asperger''s Syndrome');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Autism');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Career Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Coping Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Sleep or Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Social Cognitive Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(425,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Premarital Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(426,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Behavioral Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Emotional Disturbance');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Family Conflict');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(428,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Domestic Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Domestic Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(429,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'ADHD');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Adoption');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Child or Adolescent');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Chronic Pain');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Depression');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Divorce');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Grief');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Infertility');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_issues" VALUES(430,'Trauma and PTSD');
CREATE TABLE th_mental_health_focus (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	focus TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(2,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(2,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(2,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(2,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(3,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(3,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(5,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(5,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(5,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(5,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(5,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(8,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(8,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(8,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(9,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(9,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(9,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(10,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(10,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(11,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(11,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(12,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(13,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(14,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(14,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(15,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(17,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(17,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(17,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(17,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(18,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(18,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(19,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(19,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(19,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(20,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(21,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(21,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(21,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(22,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(24,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(24,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(25,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(26,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(26,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(27,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(28,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(28,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(28,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(28,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(29,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(29,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(31,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(31,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(31,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(31,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(31,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(32,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(32,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(33,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(33,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(33,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(33,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(33,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(36,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(36,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(36,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(36,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(36,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(37,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(37,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(38,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(40,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(40,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(40,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(43,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(43,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(43,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(45,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(45,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(46,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(46,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(46,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(46,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(46,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(46,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(47,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(49,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(50,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(51,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(51,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(51,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(51,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(52,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(53,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(53,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(53,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(54,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(54,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(54,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(57,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(57,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(57,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(58,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(58,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(58,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(58,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(59,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(59,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(59,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(60,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(60,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(60,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(60,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(60,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(60,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(61,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(61,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(65,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(66,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(68,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(68,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(69,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(69,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(70,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(72,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(72,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(72,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(73,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(73,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(73,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(73,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(73,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(73,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(74,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(76,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(77,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(77,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(77,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(77,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(77,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(78,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(79,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(80,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(80,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(80,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(80,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(80,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(81,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(81,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(81,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(82,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(83,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(83,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(83,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(84,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(85,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(85,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(87,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(88,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(89,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(90,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(93,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(93,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(94,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(94,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(94,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(94,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(94,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(95,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(95,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(96,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(96,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(97,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(98,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(98,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(99,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(99,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(100,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(100,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(102,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(102,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(102,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(102,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(105,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(107,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(107,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(108,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(108,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(108,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(111,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(111,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(111,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(111,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(111,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(112,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(112,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(112,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(114,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(115,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(115,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(115,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(117,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(117,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(120,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(122,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(123,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(124,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(124,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(124,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(125,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(125,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(125,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(126,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(126,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(126,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(126,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(126,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(126,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(127,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(128,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(129,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(130,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(130,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(132,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(132,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(133,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(133,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(133,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(134,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(135,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(136,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(137,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(138,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(140,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(141,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(142,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(142,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(142,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(143,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(143,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(144,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(144,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(144,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(144,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(144,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(145,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(146,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(147,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(147,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(147,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(148,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(148,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(148,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(148,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(150,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(150,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(151,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(151,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(151,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(152,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(152,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(152,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(153,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(153,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(153,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(153,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(153,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(154,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(154,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(154,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(155,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(155,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(155,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(156,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(157,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(158,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(159,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(159,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(161,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(162,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(162,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(163,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(164,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(165,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(165,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(165,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(166,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(166,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(166,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(167,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(167,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(168,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(168,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(168,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(168,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(169,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(169,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(170,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(170,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(170,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(170,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(170,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(170,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(171,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(173,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(173,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(173,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(174,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(174,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(174,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(175,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(176,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(178,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(178,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(178,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(178,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(179,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(179,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(179,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(179,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(180,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(183,'Year graduated:1997');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(184,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(184,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(187,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(189,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(190,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(191,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(191,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(191,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(191,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(191,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(192,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(193,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(193,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(194,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(195,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(195,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(195,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(197,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(198,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(199,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(199,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(200,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(202,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(202,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(204,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(204,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(204,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(206,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(206,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(207,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(207,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(210,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(210,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(211,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(213,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(213,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(213,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(213,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(216,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(216,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(217,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(217,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(218,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(218,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(218,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(218,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(221,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(223,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(223,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(223,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(223,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(223,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(225,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(225,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(225,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(225,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(225,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(227,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(227,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(228,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(228,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(229,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(230,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(230,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(232,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(233,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(234,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(234,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(235,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(235,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(235,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(235,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(235,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(236,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(236,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(237,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(237,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(237,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(237,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(237,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(237,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(239,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(239,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(239,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(241,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(242,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(243,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(246,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(246,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(246,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(246,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(247,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(248,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(250,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(250,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(251,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(251,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(251,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(252,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(252,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(252,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(252,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(253,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(253,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(253,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(255,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(255,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(256,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(256,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(257,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(257,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(259,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(259,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(259,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(259,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(260,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(260,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(261,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(262,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(263,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(263,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(264,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(265,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(265,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(267,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(267,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(269,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(269,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(270,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(270,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(270,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(270,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(270,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(270,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(271,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(271,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(271,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(272,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(272,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(273,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(273,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(273,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(275,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(278,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(279,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(279,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(282,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(282,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(282,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(286,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(286,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(287,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(288,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(288,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(288,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(289,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(289,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(291,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(291,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(293,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(293,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(294,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(294,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(294,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(294,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(296,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(297,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(297,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(297,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(297,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(297,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(301,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(301,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(301,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(302,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(302,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(302,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(303,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(303,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(303,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(307,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(307,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(307,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(307,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(308,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(308,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(308,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(309,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(309,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(310,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(311,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(311,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(311,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(312,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(313,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(313,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(313,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(316,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(316,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(319,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(325,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(326,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(329,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(329,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(330,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(330,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(330,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(331,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(332,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(332,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(333,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(333,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(334,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(334,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(334,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(336,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(336,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(336,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(336,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(336,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(338,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(340,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(341,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Obsessive-Compulsive (OCD)');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Oppositional Defiance');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Peer Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Relationship Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Self Esteem');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Self-Harming');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Sexual Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Sexual Addiction');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Spirituality');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Substance Abuse');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Suicidal Ideation');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Teen Violence');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Transgender');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Trauma and PTSD');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(343,'Women''s Issues');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(346,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(347,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(348,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(349,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(350,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(350,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(351,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(352,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(353,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(353,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(353,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(354,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(355,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(355,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(357,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(359,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(359,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(362,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(362,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(363,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(363,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(363,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(363,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(363,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(365,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(366,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(366,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(366,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(366,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(366,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(369,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(370,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(371,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(373,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(373,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(373,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(373,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(374,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(375,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(376,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(379,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(380,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(382,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(382,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(382,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(383,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(383,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(384,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(384,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(384,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(384,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(384,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(385,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(385,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(385,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(386,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(386,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(386,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(386,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(388,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(388,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(389,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(389,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(389,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(389,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(389,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(391,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(393,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(393,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(394,'TRICARE');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(394,'TriWest');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(394,'Valley Health Plan, Concern EAP,Cigna EAP');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(394,'Victim Witness');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(394,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(395,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(395,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(396,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(396,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(398,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(398,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(398,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(399,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(400,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(401,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(402,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(402,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(402,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(403,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(404,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(406,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(407,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(407,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(407,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(408,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(408,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(408,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(409,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(409,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(409,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(409,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(409,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(409,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(410,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(410,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(410,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(410,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(411,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(411,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(411,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(413,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(413,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(413,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(413,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(413,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(413,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(414,'Therapists');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(414,'Therapy Groups');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(414,'Treatment Centers');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(414,'Psychiatrists');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(414,'Log In');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(414,'Sign Up');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(415,'Therapists');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(415,'Therapy Groups');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(415,'Treatment Centers');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(415,'Psychiatrists');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(415,'Log In');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(415,'Sign Up');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(416,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(416,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(416,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(416,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(416,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(417,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(417,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(417,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(418,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(418,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(418,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(419,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(419,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(419,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(420,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(420,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(421,'Dissociative Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(421,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(421,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(421,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(421,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(422,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(422,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(423,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(423,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(424,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(424,'Personality Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(424,'Thinking Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(425,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(425,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(426,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(426,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(428,'Mood Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(429,'Elderly Persons Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(429,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(430,'Impulse Control Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(430,'Psychosis');
INSERT INTO "th_mental_health_focus" VALUES(430,'Thinking Disorders');
CREATE TABLE th_sexuality_focus(
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	sexuality TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(2,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(2,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(5,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(5,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(5,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(12,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(12,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(12,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(13,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(13,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(15,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(17,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(17,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(17,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(18,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(18,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(18,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(24,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(24,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(24,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(31,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(31,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(31,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(32,'Years in Practice:6 Years');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(32,'School:Santa Clara University');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(32,'Year Graduated:2011');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(32,'License No. and State:81032 California');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(32,'Avg Cost (per session):$170 - $180');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(32,'Accepted Payment Methods:Cash,                                     Check');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(36,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(36,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(36,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(37,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(40,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(43,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(43,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(43,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(49,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(49,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(50,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(50,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(50,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(51,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(51,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(51,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(57,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(59,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(59,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(59,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(60,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(60,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(60,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(69,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(69,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(70,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(70,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(70,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(72,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(72,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(72,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(73,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(73,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(73,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(74,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(74,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(74,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(80,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(80,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(80,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(81,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(81,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(83,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(83,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(83,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(84,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(96,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(97,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(97,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(98,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(98,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(98,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(100,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(102,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(102,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(102,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(111,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(111,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(115,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(122,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(122,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(122,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(126,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(126,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(126,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(133,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(133,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(133,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(134,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(134,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(134,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(139,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(139,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(139,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(141,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(147,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(147,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(149,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(149,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(149,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(151,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(151,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(151,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(158,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(158,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(158,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(164,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(164,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(164,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(167,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(167,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(167,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(169,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(169,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(169,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(170,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(170,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'Years in Practice:30+ Years');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'School:California School of Professional Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'Year Graduated:1978');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'License No. and State:PSY 8727 California');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'Avg Cost (per session):$170 - $200');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'Sliding Scale:Yes');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(171,'Accepted Payment Methods:Cash,                                     Check');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(173,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(173,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(173,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(174,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(181,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(181,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(181,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(182,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(182,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(182,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(183,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(183,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(183,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(185,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(185,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(185,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(193,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(193,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(193,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(195,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(195,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(195,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(199,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(199,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(199,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(200,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(200,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(200,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(204,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(204,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(204,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(207,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(207,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(207,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(208,'Years in Practice:10+ Years');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(208,'School:Santa Clara University');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(208,'Year Graduated:1995');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(208,'License No. and State:MFC 34704 California');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(208,'Avg Cost (per session):$150 - $200');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(216,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(216,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(228,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(228,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(231,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(231,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(231,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(234,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(234,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(234,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(235,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(235,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(235,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(238,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(238,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(238,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(239,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(239,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(242,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(242,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(242,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(243,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(243,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(243,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(246,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(246,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(248,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(248,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(248,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(253,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(253,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(253,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(257,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(257,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(257,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(259,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(259,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(259,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(260,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(260,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(260,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(267,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(267,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(267,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(272,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(272,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(273,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(273,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(273,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(282,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(282,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(282,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(288,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(288,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(288,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(289,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(289,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(289,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(293,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(294,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(294,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(294,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(297,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(297,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(307,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(307,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(307,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(309,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(309,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(309,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(311,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(311,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(325,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(325,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(326,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(326,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(326,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(329,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(329,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(329,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(330,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(330,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(330,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(332,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(343,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(347,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(347,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(351,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(351,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(351,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(353,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(353,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(353,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(366,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(366,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(373,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(373,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(373,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(376,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(376,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(376,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(379,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(379,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(379,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(380,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(380,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(380,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(386,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(386,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(386,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(392,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(392,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(395,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(395,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(395,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(396,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(396,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(396,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(401,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(401,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(401,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(402,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(402,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(402,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(412,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(412,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(412,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(418,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(418,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(418,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(419,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(419,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(419,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(420,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(420,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(420,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(421,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(421,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(421,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(424,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(424,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(424,'Lesbian');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(430,'Bisexual');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(430,'Gay');
INSERT INTO "th_sexuality_focus" VALUES(430,'Lesbian');
CREATE TABLE th_categories (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	category TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(1,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(1,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(1,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(3,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(7,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(7,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(7,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(7,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(12,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(13,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(15,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(15,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(15,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(15,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(17,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(20,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(20,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(20,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(20,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(24,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(24,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(24,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(24,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(24,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(25,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(25,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(25,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(31,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(31,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(31,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(31,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(31,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(31,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(37,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(37,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(37,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(39,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(39,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(39,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(39,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(39,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(40,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(40,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(40,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(40,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(40,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(45,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(45,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(49,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(51,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(51,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(51,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(51,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(52,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(52,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(54,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(54,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(54,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(54,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(57,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(57,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(57,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(58,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(58,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(58,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(58,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(59,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(61,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(62,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(63,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(63,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(69,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(69,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(69,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(70,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(70,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(70,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(70,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(70,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(70,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(72,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(72,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(72,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(72,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(72,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(73,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(74,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(77,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(80,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(83,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(84,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(84,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(84,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(84,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(84,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(84,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(86,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(98,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(98,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(98,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(98,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(99,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(105,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(105,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(105,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(105,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(105,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(111,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(112,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(115,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(115,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(115,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(118,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(122,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(122,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(126,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(126,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(126,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(126,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(126,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(129,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(133,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(133,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(133,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(133,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(133,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(134,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(139,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(140,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(140,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(140,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(140,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(141,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(142,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(142,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(143,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(143,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(148,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(150,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(151,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(151,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(151,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(151,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(153,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(153,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(155,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(155,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(155,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(155,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(155,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(158,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(158,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(158,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(158,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(162,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(162,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(162,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(162,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(162,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(163,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(164,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(167,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(170,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(170,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(170,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(170,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(171,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(171,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(171,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(171,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(174,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(174,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(174,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(175,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(179,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(179,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(179,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(179,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(179,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(179,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(181,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(181,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(181,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(182,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(182,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(182,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(182,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(183,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(183,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(183,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(183,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(183,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(183,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(186,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(186,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(187,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(190,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(190,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(190,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(190,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(191,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(191,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(191,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(199,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(199,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(199,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(199,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(199,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(200,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(200,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(200,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(200,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(200,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(202,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(202,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(202,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(202,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(202,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(203,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(204,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(207,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(207,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(207,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(207,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(207,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(208,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(208,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(208,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(208,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(216,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(216,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(216,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(216,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(217,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(217,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(217,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(217,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(218,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(218,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(228,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(228,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(228,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(228,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(229,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(229,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(229,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(229,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(231,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(231,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(231,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(231,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(231,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(234,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(234,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(234,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(234,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(234,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(237,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(237,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(237,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(237,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(238,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(238,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(238,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(238,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(239,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(239,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(239,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(239,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(239,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(240,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(240,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(240,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(240,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(241,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(241,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(241,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(241,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(241,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(243,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(243,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(243,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(243,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(243,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(243,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(244,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(244,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(246,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(246,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(246,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(246,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(247,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(251,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(251,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(251,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(251,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(251,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(253,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(259,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(259,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(259,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(259,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(259,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(260,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(260,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(260,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(260,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(260,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(261,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(261,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(261,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(261,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(262,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(266,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(266,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(270,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(270,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(270,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(270,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(270,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(270,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(271,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(271,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(271,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(271,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(272,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(272,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(272,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(273,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(273,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(273,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(273,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(273,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(274,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(274,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(274,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(274,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(280,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(280,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(280,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(280,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(282,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(282,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(282,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(282,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(282,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(282,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(288,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(288,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(288,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(288,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(289,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(289,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(289,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(289,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(289,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(289,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(291,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(291,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(291,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(291,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(294,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(294,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(294,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(294,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(297,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(297,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(297,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(297,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(299,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(299,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(299,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(299,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(301,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(301,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(302,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(302,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(302,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(302,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(304,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(307,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(307,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(307,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(307,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(307,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(307,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(309,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(309,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(309,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(309,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(309,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(318,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(325,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(325,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(325,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(325,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(330,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(330,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(330,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(330,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(330,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(332,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(332,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(332,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(332,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(332,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(332,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(333,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(333,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(333,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(333,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(334,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(334,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(334,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(334,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(336,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(336,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(336,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(336,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(338,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(338,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(338,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(338,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(338,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(343,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(346,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(347,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(347,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(347,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(347,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(348,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(348,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(348,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(348,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(348,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(353,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(353,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(353,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(353,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(359,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(360,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(360,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(360,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(360,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(360,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(360,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(363,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(366,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(366,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(366,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(366,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(366,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(373,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(373,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(373,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(373,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(373,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(378,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(379,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(379,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(379,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(379,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(379,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(380,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(380,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(380,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(380,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(380,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(381,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(381,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(381,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(381,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(381,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(381,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(386,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(389,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(390,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(390,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(390,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(390,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(390,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(392,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(392,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(392,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(394,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(394,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(394,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(394,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(395,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(396,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(396,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(396,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(396,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(396,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(400,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(400,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(400,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(400,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(402,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(402,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(402,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(402,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(402,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(408,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(408,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(408,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(408,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(408,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(411,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(411,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(411,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Aviation Professionals');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Cancer');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'HIV / AIDS Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Heterosexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(418,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(419,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(419,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(420,'Transgender Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(421,'Veterans');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(430,'Bisexual Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(430,'Gay Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(430,'Lesbian Clients');
INSERT INTO "th_categories" VALUES(430,'Transgender Clients');
CREATE TABLE th_languages (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	language TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(8,'Conversational Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(12,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(17,'Danish Catalan');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(17,'Italian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(17,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(18,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(18,'Portuguese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(18,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(21,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(21,'Punjabi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(22,'Armenian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(22,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(26,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(27,'Armenian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(27,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(29,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(32,'Flemish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(32,'German');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(36,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(40,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(43,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(48,'Tamil');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Dutch');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Italian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Japanese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(50,'Urdu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(52,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(52,'Mandarin and Cantonese translator available');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(52,'Yiddish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(53,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(53,'Italian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(53,'Portuguese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(53,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(55,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(55,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(56,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(57,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(59,'Gujarati');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(59,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(60,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(61,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(63,'French Limited Proficiency');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(63,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(70,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(73,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(75,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(79,'Cantonese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Arabic');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Cantonese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Gujarati');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Japanese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Malay Tamil Indonesian Telugu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Punjabi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Singales');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(83,'Urdu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(92,'Chinese (Toisan)');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(94,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(96,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(97,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(114,'Italian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(116,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(117,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(117,'Urdu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(118,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(118,'Vietnamese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(122,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(122,'Punjabi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(122,'Some Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(124,'Understand/speak some German/French/Spanish/Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(128,'Portuguese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(128,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(130,'Vietnamese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(133,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(134,'German');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(138,'Italian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(139,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(139,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(140,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(142,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(144,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(148,'Greek');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(148,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(150,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(166,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(167,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(168,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(170,'Some Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(172,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(177,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(178,'Catalan');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(178,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(179,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(182,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(183,'Italian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(183,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(193,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(193,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(194,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(200,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(200,'German');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(200,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(206,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(206,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(210,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(210,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(214,'Cantonese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(214,'Vietnamese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(215,'Bosnian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(215,'Croatian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(215,'Serbian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(220,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(231,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(231,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(232,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(234,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(237,'Vietnamese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(240,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(242,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(244,'Gujarati');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(244,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(248,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(254,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(259,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(267,'Gujarati');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(267,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(267,'Marathi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(267,'Punjabi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(267,'Urdu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(273,'Azari');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(273,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(282,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(282,'Punjabi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(286,'Gujarati');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(296,'German');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(313,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(314,'Gujarati');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(314,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(314,'Urdu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(322,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(325,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(329,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(331,'Hindi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(331,'Pushto');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(331,'Urdu');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(335,'Fluent in Danish. Some German &amp; French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(338,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(338,'Just a little French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(341,'Cantonese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(341,'Mandarin');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(342,'Vietnamese');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(343,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(351,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(351,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(359,'Yiddish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(361,'None');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(363,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(367,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(369,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(373,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(373,'Russian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(380,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(391,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(398,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(398,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(400,'Farsi');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(402,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(405,'German');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(409,'ASL');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(409,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(409,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(409,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(413,'Armenian');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(413,'German');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(413,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(413,'Korean');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(413,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(413,'Yiddish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(414,'ASL');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(414,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(414,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(414,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(415,'ASL');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(415,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(415,'Hebrew');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(415,'Spanish');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(420,'French');
INSERT INTO "th_languages" VALUES(420,'Spanish');
CREATE TABLE th_treatment_orientation (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	orientation TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(1,'Biofeedback/relaxation therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(1,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(1,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(1,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(1,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(1,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(2,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(3,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(5,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(6,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(6,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(7,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(7,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(8,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(8,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(8,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(8,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(9,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(9,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(9,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(9,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(10,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(10,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(10,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(10,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(10,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(10,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'CBT for OCD, Anxiety, Depression, Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(11,'Solution Focused Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Cognitive Processing Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Prolonged Exposure Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(12,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Early development');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Group consultation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(13,'Work relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(14,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(14,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(14,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(14,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(14,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(14,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(15,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(15,'Level 4 certified T.E.A.M. trainer/therapist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(15,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(15,'T.E.A.M. per David Burns');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(16,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(16,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(16,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(16,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(16,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(17,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(18,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(20,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(20,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(21,'Biofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(21,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(21,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(21,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(21,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(21,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Level-headed and Practical');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'Straight-forward');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(22,'TEAM');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(23,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(23,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(23,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(23,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(23,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(24,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(24,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(24,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Emotional Release Work');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Issues around various forms of oppress');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(25,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(26,'Executive/personal coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(26,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(26,'Jungian depth work, dreams');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(26,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(26,'expressive arts therapies');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Practical and level headed');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Responsive and direct');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(27,'TEAM');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(28,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(28,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(28,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(28,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(28,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(28,'Trauma and Dissociation-focused therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(29,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Compassion-Focused Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(31,'Walk and Talk Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(32,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(32,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(32,'Object Relations');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(32,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(32,'Stan Tatkin - PACT Model');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(33,'Jungian Analysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(33,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(33,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(35,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(35,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(35,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(35,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(37,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(38,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(39,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(39,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(39,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(39,'Interpersonal Neurobiology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(39,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(39,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(40,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(40,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(40,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(40,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(40,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(40,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(42,'Control-Mastery; Cogntive Bhav');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(42,'Emotionally Focused Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(42,'Intensive Short-term Dynamic P');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(42,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(42,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Client Centered');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Feminist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(43,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(45,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(46,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(47,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(47,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Hakomi Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(48,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Control Mastery Therapy - SFPRG');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(49,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(51,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(51,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(52,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(52,'Infant-parent');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(52,'Parent counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(52,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(52,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(52,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Cross-cultural Couples Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Integrative Treatment Approach');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Multicultural Orientation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(53,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(54,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(54,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(54,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(54,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Family Based Treatment for Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(55,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(56,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(56,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(56,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(58,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(58,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(58,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(58,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(58,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Buddhist-orientation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Client''s religious or other belief system');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Existential--aging, end-of-life');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(59,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(60,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Dementia Care Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Mindfulness-Based Psychotherap');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(61,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Biofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Capnometry, Interactive Metronome');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Interactive Imagery');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(62,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Brief Psychoanalysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'DIR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Psychoanalysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(63,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(64,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(64,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Imago');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Somatic Experiencing, level 1');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(65,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Feminist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(66,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Enneagram-based Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Focusing; Wholebody focusing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(67,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Acceptance and Commitment');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(68,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Co-parenting Consultation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Mediation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(69,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(70,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(70,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(70,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(70,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(70,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(72,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(72,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(72,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(72,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(72,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(72,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Group Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'MBSR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(73,'Wisdom Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(74,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(74,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(74,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(75,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(75,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(76,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'ADHD coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Cogmed Working Memory Training');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Executive Functioning Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(77,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(78,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(79,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(79,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(79,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(79,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(80,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Object Relations');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(81,'Working through trauma');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(82,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(82,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(82,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(82,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(82,'TEAM');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'5 weeks - get over breakup');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'8 weeks prepare self for love');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Dating coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(83,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(84,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(84,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(84,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(84,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(84,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(84,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Brief');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Evidence-based treatments');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Person-Centered - Rogerian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(85,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(86,'Acceptance Commitment Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(86,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(86,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(86,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBT-I)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(87,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(88,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(88,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(88,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(88,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(88,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(89,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(90,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(90,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(90,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(90,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(90,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(91,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(91,'Differentiation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(91,'Explicit Instruction');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(91,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(91,'Remediation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Cultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Decision Making');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(92,'Social Cognition');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(93,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(93,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(93,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(93,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(93,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(93,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(94,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(94,'Intensive Short-term Dynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(94,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(94,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(95,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(95,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(96,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(96,'Modern Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(96,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(96,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(97,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(98,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Behavioral Management/Parent Training');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(99,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(100,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(100,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(100,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(100,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(101,'Adoption Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(101,'Attachment Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(101,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(101,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(102,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(102,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(103,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(103,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(104,'Biofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(104,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(105,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(106,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(107,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(107,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(108,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(108,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(108,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(108,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(108,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(109,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(110,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Biopsychosocial');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Control Mastery');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Intersubjective');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(111,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Adlerian Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Motivational Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(112,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(113,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(113,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(113,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(113,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(113,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(113,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(114,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(114,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(114,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(114,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(114,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(115,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(116,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(116,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(116,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(116,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(116,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'Family Based Therapy for Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(117,'T.E.A.M. Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Sensorimotor Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(118,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Biofeedback/Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Imago');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(119,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(120,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(120,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(120,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(120,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(120,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(120,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(121,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Family Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(122,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(123,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(124,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(124,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(124,'Mindfulness-based Stress Reduction');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(124,'Mindsight');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(124,'Pain &amp; Phys. Disability, Brain/Spinal Cord Injury');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(126,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(127,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(127,'Family Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(127,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(127,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(127,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(127,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Human-Animal Companion Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(128,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(129,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(129,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(129,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(129,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(129,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(130,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(130,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(131,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(132,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(132,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(132,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(132,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(132,'Rational Emotive Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(133,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(134,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'ACT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(135,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(136,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(136,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(136,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(136,'Modified DBT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(136,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(137,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Parent Child Interaction Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(138,'Range of Evidenced Based Treatments');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(139,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(140,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(140,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(141,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(142,'Telepsychiatry (telehealth, telemedicine)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Collaborative Problem Solving for Couples/Families');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(143,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(144,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(144,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(144,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(144,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(145,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(145,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(145,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(145,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(145,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(146,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(146,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(146,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(146,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(146,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(146,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(147,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Internal Family Systems (IFS)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(148,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Differentiation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Imago');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(149,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'AEDP Accelerated Experiential Dynamic Psychotherap');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(150,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Creative Expression');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Dream Work');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Sandplay Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(151,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(152,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(152,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(153,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(154,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(155,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Co-Parenting Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Divorce Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(157,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'*EMDR Consultant');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'Couples (diverse lifestyles)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'Sensorimotor Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(158,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(159,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(159,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(159,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(159,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(159,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(159,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(160,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(160,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(160,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(160,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(160,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(160,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Comprehensive Behavioral Therapy for Trich');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(161,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(162,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(162,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(162,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(162,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(163,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(163,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(163,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(163,'Learning &amp; school problems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(163,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(163,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(164,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Compassion-Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Internal Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(165,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Creative Expression');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Somatic Experiencing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(166,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Developmental Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Integrated Body Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(167,'Object Relation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(168,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(168,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(168,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(169,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(169,'Jungian-oriented');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(169,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(170,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(170,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(170,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(170,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(170,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(170,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(171,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(171,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(171,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(171,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(172,'Acceptance and Commitment');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(172,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(172,'Compassion Focused Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(172,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Energy Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Hakomi');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(173,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(174,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(175,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(175,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(175,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(175,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(175,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Hakomi');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Non-Dual Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(176,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(177,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(177,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(177,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(177,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(177,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(177,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Brief Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Family Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(178,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(179,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(180,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'ISTDP');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Intensive Short-Term Dynamic Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(181,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(182,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(182,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(182,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(182,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(182,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(183,'Solution-Focused Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(184,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(185,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(185,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(185,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(185,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(185,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'CBT for Insomnia');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Control Mastery');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Mindfulness/meditation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(186,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Clinical Supervision, MFT Interns');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(187,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(189,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(189,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(189,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(189,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(190,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(190,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(190,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(190,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Couples Communication');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Existential Concerns');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Family Patterns in Adult Relationships');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(191,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBTI)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(192,'Prolonged Exposure / Cognitive Processing Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(193,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(193,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(193,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(193,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(193,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(194,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(194,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(194,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(194,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(194,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(195,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(196,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(196,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(196,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(196,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(196,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(197,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(198,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(198,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(198,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(198,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(199,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Analytic Somatic Therapy/Bioenergetic Analysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Brief Therapy/Reichian Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(200,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(201,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(201,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(201,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(201,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(201,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Attachment Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Behavior Specialist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Developmental Screenings for young children');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(202,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(203,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(204,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Assessments');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Emotional Intelligence, Yoga and Mindfulness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Executive Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(205,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Diversity');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Sex Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(207,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(208,'Attachment');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(208,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(208,'Differentiation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(208,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(209,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(209,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(209,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(209,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(209,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(210,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(211,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(212,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(212,'Buddhist Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(212,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(212,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(212,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(212,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'RO-DBT for issues of over-control');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(213,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Feminist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(214,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(215,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(215,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(215,'Mentalization based therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(215,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(215,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(215,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(216,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(217,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(217,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(217,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(217,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(217,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(218,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(219,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(219,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(219,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(219,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(219,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(219,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(220,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(221,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(222,'Somatic Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(224,'Behavioral');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(224,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(225,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(225,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(225,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(225,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(225,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(225,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(226,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(226,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(226,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(226,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(226,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(226,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(228,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(229,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(230,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(230,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(231,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(231,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(232,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(232,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(232,'Hakomi');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(232,'Internal Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(233,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(233,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(233,'Integrative Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(233,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(234,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Attachment Theory Based Rx');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Psychoanalytic Self Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(235,'Relational Psychoanalysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Dreamwork');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Energy Awareness');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Holistic - body-oriented');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(236,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(237,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(238,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(238,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(239,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(240,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(240,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(241,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Enneagram');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Neurobiology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(243,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'EFT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Neuro-Linguistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Reiki and Emotional Freedom Technique');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(244,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(245,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(245,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(245,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(245,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(245,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(245,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(246,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(246,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(246,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(246,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(246,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(247,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(247,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(247,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(247,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(247,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(248,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(249,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(249,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(249,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(249,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(249,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Control Mastery Theory');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(250,'Schema Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'I am authentic, straightforward and human.');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'I don''t beat around the bush.');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'I don''t like to waste your time or money.');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(251,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Problem Gambling Specialist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(252,'Substance Abuse Treatment');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(253,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(253,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(253,'Equine Facilitated Psychothera');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(253,'Jungian Oriented Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(253,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(253,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Experiential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Process-oriented');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(254,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(255,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(255,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(256,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(256,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(256,'Integrative Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(256,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(256,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(256,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(257,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(257,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(257,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(257,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(258,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(258,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(258,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(259,'TEAM CBT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'NLP');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Sandtray');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(260,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(261,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(261,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(261,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(262,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(262,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(262,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(262,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(263,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(263,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(263,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(263,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(263,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(264,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(264,'Exposure/Response Prevention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(264,'habit reversal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(265,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(265,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(266,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(266,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(266,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(266,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(266,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Feminist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(267,'Trauma Resiliency');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(268,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(269,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(269,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(270,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(271,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(271,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(272,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(273,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(275,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(275,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(276,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(276,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(276,'Jungian Dream Analysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(276,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(276,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(276,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(278,'TEAM Therapy by David Burns, M.D.');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(279,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(279,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(279,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(279,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Feminist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Internal Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(280,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(281,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(281,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(281,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(281,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(281,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(281,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(282,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(282,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(282,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(282,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(282,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(283,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(283,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(283,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(283,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(283,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(285,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(285,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(285,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(285,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(285,'Psychosynthesis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(285,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(286,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(287,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(287,'Developmental &amp; Attachment Model');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(287,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(288,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(288,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(288,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(288,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(288,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Play Therapy for children');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(289,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(290,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(290,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(290,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(291,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(291,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(291,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(291,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(291,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(291,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(292,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(292,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(292,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Relational-Behavioral');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(293,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(294,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(294,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(294,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(294,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(294,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(294,'Somatic Relational Based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Hakomi - Mindfulness, body-centered');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Reiki &amp; Energetic Counseling');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(295,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(296,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(297,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(298,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(298,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(299,'Acceptance and Commitment-ACT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(299,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(299,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(299,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(300,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(300,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(300,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(300,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(300,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(300,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'ADHD Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Life Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(301,'Walking Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(302,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(302,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(302,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(302,'Motivational Enhancement');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(303,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(303,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(304,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(304,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(304,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(306,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(306,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(306,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Bren''e Brown, PhD, Shame Resilience Model');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Emotional Freedom Technic-EFT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(307,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(308,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(308,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(309,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(310,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(310,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(310,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(310,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(310,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(311,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Imago');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Process Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(313,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(314,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(314,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(314,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(314,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(314,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(314,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(316,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(317,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(317,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(317,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(317,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(318,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(319,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(319,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(319,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(319,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(319,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(319,'Soul Collage');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(320,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(320,'Mindfulness for Stress/Anxiety');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(320,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(320,'Sports/Performance Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(321,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(321,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(321,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(321,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(321,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(321,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(322,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(322,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(322,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(322,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(323,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(323,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(323,'psychoanalytic psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(323,'sandplay');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(324,'Attentional/Awareness-Based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(324,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(324,'Skill Sets Creation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(324,'Skills for Long-Term ADHD Management');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Experiential Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Strategic Family Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Transactional Analysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(325,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(326,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(326,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(326,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(326,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(326,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(326,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(328,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(329,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(329,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(329,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(329,'Intensive Short-term Dynamic Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(329,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(329,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(330,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(330,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(330,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(330,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(330,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(330,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(331,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(331,'Medication Management');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(331,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(331,'Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(332,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(332,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(332,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(332,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(332,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(332,'Spiritual');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(333,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(333,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(333,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(333,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(333,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(334,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(334,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(335,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(335,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(335,'Existential philosophy informs my work');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(335,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(336,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(336,'Jungian analysis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(336,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(336,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(336,'Psychopharmacology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(336,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(337,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(337,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(337,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(337,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(337,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(338,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(339,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Art and Sandplay Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Depth Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Psychosynthesis');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(340,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Hakomi');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(341,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(342,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Family systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Immigration evaluations');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(343,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Imago');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Imago Couples Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(344,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(345,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(345,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(345,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(345,'Psychopharmacologist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(345,'Supportive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(346,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(346,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(346,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(346,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(346,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(346,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Critical Incident Stress Debri');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Narrative Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(347,'Solution Focused Brief Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Feminist');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Feminist Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(348,'Stength-Based Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Hakomi');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Internal Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Sensorimotor Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(349,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(350,'Educational Evaluations');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(350,'Educational Support');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(350,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(350,'School Placement Assistance');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Imago');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Neuro-Linguistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(351,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Authentic Movement');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(352,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(353,'Body-Oriented');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(353,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(353,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(353,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(353,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(354,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(354,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(354,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(355,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Accelerated Learning');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Dream Work');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Neuro-Linguistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(356,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(357,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(358,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(358,'Education');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(358,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Coping skills: biofeedback, HRV breathing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Emotion regulation,stress tolerence, communication');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(359,'Training, muscle relaxation, mindfulness, yoga');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Music Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(360,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(361,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(361,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(361,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(361,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(361,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(361,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(362,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(362,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(362,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(362,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(362,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Experiential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(363,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(364,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(364,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(365,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(365,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(365,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(365,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Change model');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(366,'Trauma based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(367,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(368,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(369,'Trauma Focused-CBT');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Modeling');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(370,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(371,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(371,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(371,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(371,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(372,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(372,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(372,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(372,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Lacanian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(373,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Behavioral');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Social Skills');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(374,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Multicultural/Feminist Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(376,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(377,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(377,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(377,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(377,'Positive psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(377,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(377,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(378,'Mentoring');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(379,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(379,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(379,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(379,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(380,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(380,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(380,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(380,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(381,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(382,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(382,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(382,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(382,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(382,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(383,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(383,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(384,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(384,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(384,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(384,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(384,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(384,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Positive Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Strength based Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(385,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(386,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(387,'Client Centered');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(387,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(387,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(387,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(387,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Gottman Method');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Neuro-Linguistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Sand Play');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(388,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(389,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(389,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(389,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(389,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(389,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Jungian');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(390,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(391,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(391,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(391,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(391,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(391,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(392,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(393,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(394,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Addiction-Free Pain Management System');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'CENAPS-Gorski Model');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Core Belief Restructuring');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(395,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Family-Based Treatment for Eating Disorders');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Time-Limited Dynamic Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(396,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(397,'Grief Support');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(397,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(397,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(398,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(398,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(398,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(398,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(398,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Equine Facilitated Psychotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(399,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(400,'Co Parenting');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(400,'Consultation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(400,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(400,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(400,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(401,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(402,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(402,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(402,'Forensic Psychology');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(402,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(402,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(402,'Psychoeducational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(403,'Somatic Experiencing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(404,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(404,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(404,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(404,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(404,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(405,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(406,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(407,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'12-Step based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'Experiential Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(408,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Equine Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Expressive Arts (Music; Art; Drama; Dance)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Gifted Students and Young Athletes Track');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(409,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(410,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(411,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(412,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(413,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Equine Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Expressive Arts (Music; Art; Dance; Drama)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Gifted Students and Young Athletes Track');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(414,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Equine Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Existential');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Expressive Arts (Music; Art; Dance; Drama)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Gifted Students and Young Athletes Track');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(415,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'EMDR');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(416,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Aftercare');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Family Education');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Relapse Prevention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(417,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Psychoanalytic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(418,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Emotionally Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Expressive Arts');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Multicultural');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Online');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(419,'Videoconferencing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Gestalt');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Humanistic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Mindfulness-based (MBCT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(420,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Attachment-based');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Integrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Neurofeedback');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Relational');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Somatic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Transpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(421,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Coaching');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Custom, Individualized Treatment Plans');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Intervention');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Solution Focused Brief (SFBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(422,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(423,'Art Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(423,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(423,'Dialectical (DBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(423,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(423,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(423,'Psychological Testing and Evaluation');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(425,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(425,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(425,'Social Cognitive Training');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(426,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(426,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(426,'Interpersonal');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(426,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Culturally Sensitive');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Motivational Interviewing');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Narrative');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Play Therapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Psychodynamic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(428,'Trauma Focused');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(429,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(429,'Eclectic');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(430,'Cognitive Behavioral (CBT)');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(430,'Family / Marital');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(430,'Family Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(430,'Hypnotherapy');
INSERT INTO "th_treatment_orientation" VALUES(430,'Psychodynamic');
CREATE TABLE th_modality (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	modality TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(1,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(1,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(1,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(2,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(3,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(5,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(5,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(5,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(6,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(7,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(7,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(7,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(8,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(8,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(9,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(9,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(9,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(10,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(10,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(10,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(11,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(11,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(11,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(12,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(13,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(13,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(13,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(14,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(14,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(15,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(15,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(16,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(17,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(17,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(17,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(18,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(18,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(18,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(20,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(20,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(20,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(21,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(21,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(21,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(22,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(22,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(22,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(23,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(24,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(24,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(24,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(25,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(25,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(25,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(26,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(26,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(26,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(27,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(27,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(27,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(28,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(28,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(29,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(29,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(29,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(31,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(31,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(32,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(32,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(32,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(33,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(33,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(33,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(35,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(35,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(35,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(37,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(38,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(38,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(38,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(39,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(39,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(40,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(40,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(42,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(42,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(42,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(43,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(43,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(45,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(45,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(46,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(46,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(47,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(47,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(48,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(48,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(48,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(49,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(49,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(51,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(51,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(51,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(52,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(52,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(53,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(53,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(53,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(54,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(55,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(55,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(56,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(58,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(58,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(58,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(59,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(59,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(59,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(60,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(60,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(60,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(61,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(61,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(61,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(62,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(62,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(63,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(63,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(63,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(64,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(64,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(65,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(65,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(65,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(66,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(66,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(66,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(67,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(68,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(68,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(68,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(69,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(69,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(69,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(70,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(70,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(70,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(72,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(72,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(72,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(73,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(73,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(73,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(74,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(74,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(75,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(75,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(75,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(76,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(76,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(77,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(77,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(77,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(78,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(78,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(78,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(79,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(79,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(80,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(80,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(80,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(81,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(81,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(82,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(82,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(82,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(83,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(83,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(83,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(84,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(85,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(85,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(86,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(86,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(86,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(87,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(88,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(88,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(88,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(89,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(89,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(90,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(90,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(90,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(91,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(92,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(92,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(93,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(94,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(94,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(95,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(95,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(95,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(96,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(96,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(96,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(97,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(97,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(97,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(98,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(98,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(98,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(99,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(99,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(100,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(100,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(100,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(101,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(101,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(102,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(103,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(104,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(105,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(105,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(106,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(106,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(106,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(107,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(107,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(108,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(108,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(108,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(109,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(109,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(110,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(110,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(110,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(111,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(111,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(111,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(112,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(112,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(113,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(113,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(113,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(114,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(114,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(114,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(115,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(115,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(115,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(116,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(116,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(117,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(117,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(117,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(118,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(118,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(118,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(119,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(119,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(119,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(120,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(120,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(120,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(121,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(121,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(121,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(122,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(122,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(122,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(123,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(123,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(123,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(124,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(124,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(124,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(126,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(126,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(126,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(127,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(127,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(127,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(128,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(128,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(128,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(129,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(129,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(130,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(131,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(131,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(131,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(132,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(132,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(132,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(133,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(133,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(133,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(134,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(134,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(134,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(135,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(135,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(135,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(136,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(136,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(136,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(137,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(137,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(138,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(138,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(139,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(139,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(139,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(140,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(140,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(141,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(141,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(142,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(143,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(143,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(143,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(144,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(144,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(144,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(145,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(146,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(146,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(146,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(147,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(147,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(147,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(148,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(148,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(148,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(149,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(149,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(150,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(151,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(152,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(152,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(152,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(153,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(153,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(153,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(154,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(154,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(154,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(155,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(155,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(157,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(157,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(157,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(158,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(158,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(158,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(159,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(159,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(160,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(160,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(160,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(161,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(162,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(162,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(163,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(163,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(164,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(164,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(165,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(165,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(165,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(166,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(166,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(166,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(167,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(167,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(167,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(168,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(168,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(168,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(169,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(169,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(169,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(170,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(170,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(170,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(171,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(171,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(172,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(173,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(173,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(173,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(174,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(174,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(174,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(175,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(175,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(176,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(176,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(176,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(177,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(177,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(177,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(178,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(178,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(178,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(179,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(179,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(179,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(180,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(180,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(181,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(182,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(182,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(182,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(183,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(183,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(183,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(184,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(185,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(185,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(185,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(186,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(186,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(186,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(187,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(189,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(189,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(190,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(190,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(190,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(191,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(191,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(192,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(193,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(193,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(193,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(194,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(194,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(194,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(195,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(196,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(197,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(197,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(198,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(199,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(199,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(199,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(200,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(200,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(200,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(201,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(201,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(201,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(202,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(202,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(203,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(203,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(203,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(204,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(204,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(204,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(205,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(205,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(207,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(207,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(207,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(208,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(208,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(208,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(209,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(209,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(209,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(210,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(210,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(210,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(211,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(211,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(211,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(212,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(212,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(212,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(213,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(213,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(213,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(214,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(214,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(214,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(215,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(215,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(216,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(216,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(216,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(217,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(217,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(218,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(218,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(218,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(219,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(220,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(220,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(220,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(221,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(222,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(222,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(222,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(224,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(225,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(226,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(226,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(228,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(228,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(229,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(229,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(229,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(230,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(230,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(231,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(231,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(232,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(232,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(232,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(233,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(234,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(234,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(234,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(235,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(235,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(235,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(236,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(236,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(236,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(237,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(237,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(237,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(238,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(238,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(238,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(239,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(239,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(239,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(240,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(240,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(241,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(241,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(241,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(242,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(242,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(242,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(243,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(243,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(244,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(245,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(245,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(245,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(246,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(246,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(247,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(247,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(247,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(248,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(248,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(248,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(249,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(249,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(250,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(250,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(250,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(251,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(251,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(251,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(252,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(252,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(252,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(253,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(253,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(253,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(254,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(254,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(254,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(255,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(255,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(255,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(256,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(256,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(257,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(257,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(257,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(258,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(258,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(258,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(259,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(259,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(259,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(260,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(260,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(260,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(261,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(261,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(261,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(262,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(262,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(262,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(263,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(263,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(264,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(265,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(265,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(266,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(266,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(266,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(267,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(267,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(267,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(268,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(268,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(268,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(269,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(269,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(270,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(270,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(270,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(271,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(271,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(271,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(272,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(272,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(273,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(273,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(273,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(274,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(274,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(275,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(275,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(275,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(276,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(276,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(276,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(277,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(278,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(278,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(278,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(279,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(280,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(280,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(280,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(281,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(281,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(282,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(282,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(282,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(283,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(283,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(285,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(286,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(286,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(286,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(287,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(287,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(287,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(288,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(288,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(288,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(289,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(289,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(289,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(290,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(290,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(291,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(291,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(291,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(292,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(292,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(293,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(293,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(294,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(294,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(294,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(295,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(295,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(296,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(297,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(297,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(297,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(298,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(299,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(299,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(300,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(300,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(300,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(301,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(301,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(301,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(302,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(302,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(302,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(303,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(303,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(304,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(304,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(306,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(306,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(307,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(307,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(307,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(308,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(308,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(308,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(309,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(309,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(309,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(310,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(310,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(310,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(311,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(311,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(311,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(313,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(313,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(314,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(314,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(314,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(316,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(316,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(316,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(317,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(317,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(318,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(318,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(318,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(319,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(319,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(319,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(320,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(321,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(321,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(321,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(322,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(322,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(322,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(323,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(323,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(323,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(324,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(325,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(325,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(325,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(326,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(326,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(328,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(328,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(328,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(329,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(329,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(329,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(330,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(330,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(331,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(331,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(331,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(332,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(332,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(332,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(333,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(333,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(333,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(334,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(334,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(334,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(335,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(335,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(335,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(336,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(336,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(337,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(337,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(337,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(338,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(338,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(338,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(339,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(339,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(340,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(341,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(342,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(342,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(342,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(343,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(343,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(343,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(344,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(344,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(344,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(345,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(346,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(346,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(346,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(347,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(347,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(347,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(348,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(348,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(349,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(350,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(351,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(351,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(351,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(352,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(352,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(353,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(353,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(353,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(354,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(354,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(354,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(355,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(355,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(355,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(356,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(356,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(357,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(357,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(357,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(358,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(359,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(359,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(359,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(360,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(360,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(360,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(361,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(361,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(362,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(362,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(362,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(363,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(363,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(363,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(364,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(365,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(365,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(366,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(366,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(366,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(367,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(367,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(367,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(368,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(368,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(368,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(369,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(369,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(370,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(370,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(371,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(372,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(372,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(372,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(373,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(373,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(374,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(374,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(374,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(375,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(375,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(375,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(376,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(376,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(376,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(377,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(377,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(377,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(378,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(379,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(380,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(380,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(380,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(381,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(381,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(381,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(382,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(382,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(383,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(383,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(383,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(384,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(384,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(384,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(385,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(385,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(385,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(386,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(386,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(386,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(387,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(387,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(387,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(388,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(388,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(388,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(389,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(389,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(389,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(390,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(390,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(390,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(391,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(391,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(392,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(392,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(392,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(393,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(393,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(394,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(394,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(394,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(395,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(395,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(395,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(396,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(396,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(396,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(397,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(397,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(397,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(398,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(398,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(398,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(399,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(400,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(400,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(400,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(401,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(401,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(402,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(402,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(402,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(403,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(403,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(403,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(404,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(404,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(405,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(405,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(406,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(406,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(406,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(407,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(407,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(407,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(408,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(408,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(408,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(409,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(409,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(409,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(410,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(410,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(410,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(411,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(411,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(411,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(412,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(412,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(412,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(413,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(413,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(413,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(414,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(414,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(414,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(415,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(415,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(415,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(416,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(416,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(416,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(417,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(417,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(417,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(418,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(418,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(418,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(419,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(419,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(419,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(420,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(420,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(420,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(421,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(421,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(421,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(422,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(422,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(422,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(423,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(423,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(423,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(425,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(425,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(425,'Group');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(426,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(426,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(426,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(428,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(428,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(428,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(429,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(429,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(429,'Family');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(430,'Individuals');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(430,'Couples');
INSERT INTO "th_modality" VALUES(430,'Family');
CREATE TABLE th_insurance (
	therapist_id INTEGER,
	insurance TEXT
);
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(1,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(2,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(4,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(5,'Discounted rate for MFT graduate students');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(5,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(5,'Out-of-Network PPO');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(5,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(6,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(8,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(10,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(11,'Many plans cover my services out of network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(11,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(12,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(13,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(14,'Beacon');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(14,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(14,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(14,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(15,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(18,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(21,'Invoice provided for PPO Plans');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(22,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(23,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(27,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'Beech Street');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(28,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(32,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(33,'fee for service');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(33,'will bill insurance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(35,'Out Of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(35,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(36,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(37,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(39,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Beacon Health Strategies');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Great-West');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(40,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(43,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(45,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(46,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(46,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(47,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(48,'PPO Insurance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(48,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(49,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(49,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(51,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(52,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(53,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(54,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(54,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(57,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(59,'I bill most insurances and what the pay');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(59,'Insurance holders'' copayment accepted as full fee');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(59,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(60,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(61,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(62,'PPOs usually reimburse my clients');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(62,'Somewhere b/w generously &amp; helpful');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(62,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(63,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(65,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(68,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Any PPO insurance; OON only.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'I AM OUT OF NETWORK ONLY.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'I''ll submit PPO insurance claims for you.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Limited Medicare time-slots.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Limited Victims of Crime time-slots.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Limited sliding scale time-slots.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(69,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(71,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(71,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(71,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(71,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(72,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(73,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'APS Healthcare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Claremont Behavioral Services');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Concern EAP');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Corphealth');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Holman Group');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Horizon Healthcare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'Quantum Health Solutions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(75,'VMC');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(77,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(78,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(79,'PPO');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(79,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'I will attempt to help with any/all insurance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Providers.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(80,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(81,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'Apple');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'Google Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(83,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(84,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(85,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(86,'California Victim Compensation Program');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(88,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(88,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(88,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(89,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(90,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'In California, Value Options only');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'Teachers Health Trust');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(92,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(93,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(94,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(94,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(95,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(96,'Your plan can save you 30%-90% of costs');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(96,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(97,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(97,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(97,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(98,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(99,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(100,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(102,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(103,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(105,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(105,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(106,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(109,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(111,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(113,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(114,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(116,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(116,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(116,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(116,'Super bills available');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(116,'Victim Witness');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(117,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(118,'CA Victim''s Compensation');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(118,'I provide submissions to insurers.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(118,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(120,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(121,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(121,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(121,'Sutter Select');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(121,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(122,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(124,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(126,'Stanford Health Care (students)');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(126,'Sutter EAP and Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(126,'Victims Compensation');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(126,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(127,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(127,'HMSA');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(127,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(127,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(127,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(127,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(129,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(130,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(130,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(130,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(130,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(131,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(133,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(134,'Victim Witness');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(137,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(137,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(137,'Victims Compensation');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(137,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(139,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(141,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(142,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(143,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(143,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(143,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(144,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(145,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(146,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(147,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(148,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(150,'Cardinal Care, Stanford students only (MHN)');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(150,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(150,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'Alliance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'Integrated Health Plan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(151,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(155,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(157,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(158,'Victims Compensation');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(158,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(159,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(160,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(161,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(162,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(162,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(162,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(162,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(162,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(162,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(163,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(164,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Blue Cross');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Cigna and Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Coventry');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Please check with me about the plans before');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'The sessions.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'We accept all insurances as out of net work except');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(166,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(167,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(169,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(169,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(170,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(171,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(174,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(175,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(176,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(176,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(176,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(176,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(176,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(179,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(180,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(181,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(181,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(181,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(181,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(181,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(181,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'Coventry');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'First Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(182,'San Mateo County Mental Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(183,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(183,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(183,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(183,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(184,'I provide receipts for PPO reimbursements');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(184,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(185,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(186,'I am an "Out of Network" provider');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(186,'PPOs offer more coverage with me than HMOs');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(186,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'Mutual of Omaha');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'San Mateo County Medi-Cal');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'San Mateo County Mental Health Plan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(187,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(189,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(190,'Ceridian');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(190,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(191,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(192,'Receipts provided for PPO reimbursement');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(192,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(193,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(193,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(193,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(193,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(193,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(195,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(196,'Concern EAP');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(196,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(197,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(199,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'MHNet Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'Victims of Crime');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'WellPoint');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(200,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(202,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(203,'Beacon');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(203,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(203,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(203,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(203,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(204,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(207,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(209,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(209,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(210,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(211,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(212,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(213,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(214,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(216,'UMR');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(216,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(218,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(219,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(220,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(221,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(222,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'MHNet Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'TRICARE');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(225,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(226,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(226,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(226,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(228,'Any PPO insurance providers');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(228,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(228,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(228,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(228,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(228,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(229,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(230,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(232,'Check with me');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(233,'PPO Plans will Reimburse for Services');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(234,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(236,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(237,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(239,'*I provide billing for clients to submit directly');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(239,'*reimbursement directly to client if covered');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(239,'*to their insurance complanies &amp; receive');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(239,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(240,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(240,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(241,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(243,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(246,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(246,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(246,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(250,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(251,'PPO insurance only.');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(252,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(252,'Blue Shield PPO only - No MHSA services');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(252,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(253,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(253,'First Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(253,'GEHA');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(254,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(258,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(259,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(260,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'UMR');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(261,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(262,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(263,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(264,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(267,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(267,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(269,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(270,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(270,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(272,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(273,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(273,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(273,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(273,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(273,'United Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(273,'Victim witness');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(275,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(275,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(275,'Interplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(276,'PPO Insurance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(276,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(277,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(278,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(279,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(280,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'MHNet Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'TRICARE');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(282,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(286,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(286,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(286,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(286,'PPO');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(289,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(290,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(295,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(296,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(299,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(300,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(300,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(304,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(305,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(306,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(307,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(309,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(310,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(311,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(313,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(314,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(314,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(314,'PPO plans');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(314,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(320,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(320,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(320,'SutterSelect');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(320,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(321,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(322,'Cardinal Care');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(322,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(323,'Valley Health Plan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(326,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(328,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(328,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(329,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(331,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'APS Healthcare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'First Choice Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'First Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'Medi-Cal');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(332,'WellPoint');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(333,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(333,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(333,'Coventry');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(333,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(334,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(334,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(334,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(334,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(337,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(338,'I am happy to provide a bill for clients to presen');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(339,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(340,'Blue Shield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(340,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(340,'LifeSynch');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(340,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(340,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(340,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(341,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(341,'Anthem EAP');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(341,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(341,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(343,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(344,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(344,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(345,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(346,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(348,'EAP Provider');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(352,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(356,'Health Savings Accounts');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(356,'Life coaching may be tax deductible');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(359,'All PPO''s');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(359,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(359,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(359,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(359,'PPO');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(359,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Alliance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Beacon');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'CHIPA');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Medi-Cal');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(360,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'Health Plan of San Mateo County');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(363,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(368,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(369,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(369,'Beacon');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(369,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(369,'Victim Witness');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(371,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(373,'PPO only');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(373,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(374,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(375,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(377,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(378,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(379,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'AmeriHealth');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Beech Street');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Blue Care Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'CareSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'GEHA');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Highmark');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Horizon Healthcare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'INSURANCE VERIFIED within 60-90 minutes');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Kaiser');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'PacificSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'UPMC');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'We will verify your insurance coverage');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(381,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(382,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(382,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(382,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(382,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(382,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(382,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'ACI Specialty Benefits');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'MHNet Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'MINES');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'Victims withess');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(385,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(388,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(390,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(392,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(393,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'MHNet Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'Mental Health Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'TRICARE');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'TriWest');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'Valley Health Plan, Concern EAP,Cigna EAP');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'Victim Witness');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(394,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(395,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(396,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(398,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(400,'Blue shield PPO');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(400,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(400,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(401,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(403,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(404,'Medicare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'First Choice Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'PreferredOne');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Premera');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(407,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'First Choice Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Great-West');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'HealthPartners');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Medica');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'PHCS');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'PacificSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Premera');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Regence');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(408,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'American Behavioral');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'CareSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Empire BlueCross');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'WellPoint');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(409,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(410,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'AMERIGROUP');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Alliance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'AmeriHealth');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Call Today for Free Insurance Verification');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Integrated Health Plan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Meridian');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Most PPO Insurance Accepted');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'PacificSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Providence');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(411,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(412,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'AmeriHealth');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'CALL FOR NO OBLIGATION EVALUATION OF COVERAGE');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Coventry');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'EmblemHealth');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Health Choice');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Humana');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Kaiser');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Oxford');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'TRICARE');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'WE ACCEPT MOST PPO''s AND SOME HMO''s');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(413,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Alliance');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'American Behavioral');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'CareSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Empire BlueCross');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Kaiser');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'MagnaCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Optum');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'WellPoint');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(414,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'American Behavioral');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'CareSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Empire BlueCross');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'MHN');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Magellan Behavioral Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'United');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'WellPoint');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(415,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Aetna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Anthem');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Behavioral Health Systems');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'BlueCross and BlueShield');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Cigna');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'ComPsych');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'First Choice Health');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Great-West');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Health Net');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Multiplan');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'ODS Company');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Optima');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'PacifiCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'PacificSource');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'TriWest');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'UHA');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'UMR');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'UniCare');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'ValueOptions');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(416,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(417,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(419,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(420,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(422,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(423,'Out of Network');
INSERT INTO "th_insurance" VALUES(425,'Most PPO insurances.');
DELETE FROM sqlite_sequence;
INSERT INTO "sqlite_sequence" VALUES('therapists',431);
COMMIT;
